filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/config.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,27,"[27, 28, 29]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/config.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '',39,"[39, 40, 41, 42]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/ceph/__init__.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,6,"[6, 7]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/ceph/__init__.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/__init__.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,6,[6],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/__init__.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,"[13, 14]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,"[16, 17]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,"[19, 20]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,"[22, 23]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_item.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_item.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_meta.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_meta.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_meta.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/storage/filesystem/test_meta.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,"[17, 18]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,"[24, 25]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bepasty-0.1.0/bepasty/utils/test_name.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
