filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
bokeh-1.0.3/_setup_support.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,8,"[8, 9]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/_setup_support.py,blacklist,B322,HIGH,HIGH,"The input method in Python 2 will read from standard input, evaluate and run the resulting string as python source code. This is similar, though in many ways worse, then using eval. On Python 2, use raw_input instead, input is safe in Python 3.",253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b322-input
bokeh-1.0.3/_setup_support.py,blacklist,B322,HIGH,HIGH,"The input method in Python 2 will read from standard input, evaluate and run the resulting string as python source code. This is similar, though in many ways worse, then using eval. On Python 2, use raw_input instead, input is safe in Python 3.",256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b322-input
bokeh-1.0.3/_setup_support.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/plugins/bokeh_server.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/plugins/bokeh_server.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/plugins/file_server.py,blacklist,B310,MEDIUM,HIGH,Audit url open for permitted schemes. Allowing use of file:/ or custom schemes is often unexpected.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b310-urllib-urlopen
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/plugins/file_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/plugins/jupyter_notebook.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/plugins/jupyter_notebook.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/util/api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/util/api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/util/api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/util/examples.py,yaml_load,B506,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/util/git.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/util/git.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/util/screenshot.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,6,"[6, 7]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/_testing/util/screenshot.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/code_runner.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/directory.py,jinja2_autoescape_false,B701,HIGH,HIGH,"By default, jinja2 sets autoescape to False. Consider using autoescape=True or use the select_autoescape function to mitigate XSS vulnerabilities.",133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b701_jinja2_autoescape_false.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_code_runner.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,"[140, 141]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,"[143, 144]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,"[165, 166]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,"[189, 190]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,"[209, 210]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,"[229, 230]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,"[247, 248]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_directory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_document_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_document_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_document_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_document_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_function.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_function.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_function.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_function.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_handler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/handlers/tests/test_server_lifecycle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/tests/test_application.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/tests/test_application.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/tests/test_application.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/tests/test_application.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/tests/test_application.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/tests/test_application.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/tests/test_application.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/tests/test_application.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/tests/test_application.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/application/tests/test_application.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,"[52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,"[64, 65]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_connection.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,"[137, 138]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,"[150, 151]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,"[81, 82]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,"[92, 93]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_websocket.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/client/tests/test_websocket.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_groups.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_groups.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_groups.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_groups.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,"[76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,"[93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,"[116, 117]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,"[133, 134]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_hsl.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_named.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_named.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_named.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_named.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,"[46, 47]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,"[94, 95]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,"[138, 139]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_rgb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/colors/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,"[65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,"[105, 106, 107, 108]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,"[117, 118]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,"[141, 142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,"[154, 155]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_html.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58, 59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_info.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,"[64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,"[105, 106, 107, 108]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,"[117, 118]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,"[143, 144]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,"[60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,"[109, 110, 111, 112, 113]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,"[124, 125]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,"[138, 139]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,"[152, 153]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,"[168, 169]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,"[182, 183]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_png.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_sampledata.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_sampledata.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_sampledata.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_sampledata.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_sampledata.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_secret.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_secret.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_secret.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_secret.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_secret.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_secret.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_secret.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107, 108, 109, 110, 111, 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121, 122, 123, 124, 125, 126, 127, 128, 129, 130, 131, 132, 133, 134, 135, 136, 137, 138, 139, 140, 141, 142, 143, 144, 145, 146, 147, 148, 149, 150, 151, 152, 153, 154, 155, 156, 157, 158, 159, 160, 161, 162, 163, 164, 165, 166, 167, 168, 169, 170, 171, 172, 173, 174, 175, 176, 177, 178, 179, 180, 181, 182, 183, 184, 185, 186, 187, 188, 189, 190, 191, 192, 193, 194, 195, 196, 197, 198, 199, 200, 201, 202, 203, 204, 205, 206, 207, 208, 209, 210, 211, 212, 213, 214, 215, 216, 217, 218, 219, 220]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_serve.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_subcommands_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_subcommands_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_subcommands_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_subcommands_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,"[64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,"[112, 113, 114, 115, 116]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,"[127, 128]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,"[141, 142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,"[155, 156]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,"[184, 185]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,"[201, 202]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/subcommands/tests/test_svg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_bootstrap.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_bootstrap.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_bootstrap.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_bootstrap.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_bootstrap.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_command_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_command_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/command/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,341,"[341, 342]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_any.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_auto.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131, 132]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,"[133, 134]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,"[146, 147]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,"[151, 152]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,"[162, 163, 164]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,"[165, 166]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,"[179, 180, 181]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,"[182, 183]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,"[192, 193]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,"[195, 196]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_bases.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,"[49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,"[52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,"[63, 64]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,"[81, 82]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,"[86, 87]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,"[93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,"[108, 109]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,"[146, 147]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,"[153, 154]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,"[162, 163]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,"[165, 166]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_color.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,"[115, 116]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,"[120, 121]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,"[122, 123]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,"[160, 161]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,"[165, 166]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,"[174, 175]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,"[192, 193]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,"[196, 197]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,"[212, 213]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,"[215, 216]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,"[218, 219]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,"[232, 233]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,"[253, 254]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,"[266, 267]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,"[271, 272]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,"[273, 274]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,"[276, 277]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,"[285, 286]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_container.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,[292],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,"[131, 132]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,"[144, 145]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,"[148, 149]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,"[152, 153]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,"[282, 283]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,[285],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,[286],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,[297],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,306,[306],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,309,[309],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,[330],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,[331],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,334,[334],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,335,[335],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,336,[336],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,"[346, 347]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,352,[352],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,"[353, 354]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,"[358, 359]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,"[363, 364]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,"[374, 375]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,[378],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,"[379, 380]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,[383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,384,"[384, 385]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,389,[389],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,"[413, 414]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,416,"[416, 417]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,419,"[419, 420]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,422,[422],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,430,[430],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,431,[431],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,433,[433],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,434,[434],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,440,[440],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,[442],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,443,[443],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,445,[445],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,446,[446],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,450,[450],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,460,"[460, 461, 462]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,464,"[464, 465]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,467,"[467, 468, 469]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,471,[471],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,482,"[482, 483]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,485,[485],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,495,"[495, 496]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,498,"[498, 499]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,501,"[501, 502, 503]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,[517],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,518,[518],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,520,"[520, 521]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,523,[523],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,524,[524],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,534,[534],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,535,[535],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,536,[536],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,537,[537],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,539,[539],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,540,[540],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,548,[548],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,550,[550],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,558,"[558, 559, 560]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,562,"[562, 563]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,565,"[565, 566]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,568,"[568, 569, 570]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,572,"[572, 573]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,575,"[575, 576]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,578,[578],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,583,[583],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,588,[588],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,589,[589],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,590,[590],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,607,[607],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,608,[608],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_dataspec.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,609,[609],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,"[51, 52]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60, 61]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_datetime.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptor_factory.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,"[184, 185]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,"[189, 190]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,"[195, 196]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,"[200, 201]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,"[205, 206]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,"[210, 211]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,"[215, 216]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,"[267, 268]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,[283],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_descriptors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,[284],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,"[53, 54]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63, 64]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,"[73, 74]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,"[78, 79]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,"[82, 83]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_either.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,"[93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,"[114, 115]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_enum.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,"[95, 96]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_include.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_instance.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,"[48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,"[58, 59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_json.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,"[53, 54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,"[95, 96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,"[99, 100]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,"[116, 117]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,"[124, 125, 126]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,"[128, 129]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,"[145, 146]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,"[163, 164, 165]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,"[185, 186]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,"[203, 204, 205]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,"[207, 208]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,"[224, 225]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_numeric.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_override.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_override.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,"[53, 54]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,"[116, 117]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,"[122, 123]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,"[163, 164]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,"[181, 182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,"[186, 187]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,"[209, 210, 211]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,"[224, 225]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,"[246, 247]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,"[249, 250]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,"[266, 267, 268]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,277,[277],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,"[283, 284]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,[285],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,[286],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,[287],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,[289],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,[292],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,293,[293],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,[304],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,"[311, 312]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,[314],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,[320],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,[323],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,324,[324],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,"[325, 326]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,328,[328],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,[330],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,[331],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,335,[335],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_primitive.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,"[52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,"[60, 61]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,"[68, 69]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_regex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,"[66, 67]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,"[73, 74]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,[283],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,293,[293],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,[332],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,337,[337],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,[342],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,[347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,352,[352],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,370,[370],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,"[112, 113]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,"[116, 117]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,"[122, 123]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,"[137, 138]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,"[140, 141]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,"[143, 144]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,"[163, 164]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,"[174, 175]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,"[184, 185]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,"[191, 192]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,"[258, 259]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,"[261, 262]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,303,[303],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,[311],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,[314],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,[315],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,316,[316],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,[323],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,324,[324],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,326,[326],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,"[331, 332]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,333,[333],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,337,[337],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,341,[341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,"[349, 350]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,352,[352],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,[359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,360,[360],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,361,[361],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,"[369, 370]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,"[371, 372]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,[374],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,[378],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_visual.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,382,[382],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,"[73, 74]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,"[76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,"[90, 91]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,"[94, 95]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,"[98, 99]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,"[106, 107]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,"[110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,[236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,[283],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,[284],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,[285],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,[286],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,[297],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,302,[302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,[314],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,[315],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,316,[316],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,"[325, 326, 327, 328]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,"[331, 332]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,335,"[335, 336]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,"[339, 340]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,343,"[343, 344, 345, 346]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,"[349, 350]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,"[353, 354]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,"[357, 358]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,361,"[361, 362]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,"[365, 366]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,"[369, 370]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,"[373, 374]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,377,"[377, 378, 379, 380, 381, 382]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",385,[385],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",390,[390],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,396,[396],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,[399],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,404,[404],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,405,[405],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,407,[407],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,415,[415],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,416,[416],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,421,[421],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,422,[422],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,424,[424],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,[427],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,432,[432],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,433,[433],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,435,[435],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,436,[436],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,438,[438],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,443,[443],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,444,[444],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,446,[446],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,447,[447],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/property/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,449,[449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/templates.py,jinja2_autoescape_false,B701,HIGH,HIGH,"By default, jinja2 sets autoescape to False. Consider using autoescape=True or use the select_autoescape function to mitigate XSS vulnerabilities.",83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b701_jinja2_autoescape_false.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,"[78, 79, 80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,"[94, 95]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,"[98, 99]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130, 131, 132]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,"[151, 152, 153]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,"[160, 161, 162, 163]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_enums.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,"[227, 228, 229, 230, 231, 232, 233, 234, 235, 236, 237, 238, 239, 240, 241, 242, 243, 244, 245, 246, 247, 248, 249, 250, 251, 252, 253, 254, 255, 256, 257, 258, 259, 260, 261, 262, 263, 264, 265, 266, 267, 268, 269, 270, 271, 272]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,"[139, 140]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,"[179, 180]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,"[213, 214]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,"[216, 217]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,"[222, 223]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,"[226, 227]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,"[232, 233]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,"[236, 237]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,"[249, 250]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,"[255, 256]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,"[259, 260]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,"[265, 266]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,"[276, 277]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,"[280, 281]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,"[284, 285, 286]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,"[291, 292, 293]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,"[298, 299, 300]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,"[305, 306, 307]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,[311],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,"[320, 321]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,324,"[324, 325]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,328,"[328, 329, 330]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,335,"[335, 336, 337]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,"[342, 343, 344]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,"[349, 350, 351]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,355,[355],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,"[364, 365]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,"[368, 369]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,"[372, 373, 374]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,"[379, 380, 381]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_has_props.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,"[114, 115]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,"[127, 128]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,"[136, 137]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,"[140, 141]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,"[144, 145]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,"[148, 149]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,"[232, 233, 234]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,"[235, 236]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,"[250, 251]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_json_encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,"[114, 115, 116]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,"[124, 125]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,"[127, 128]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,"[135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,"[149, 150]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,"[152, 153]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,"[158, 159]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,"[222, 223]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,"[229, 230]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,"[235, 236, 237]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,"[238, 239, 240]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,"[266, 267]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,"[279, 280, 281]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,"[283, 284, 285, 286, 287]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,[289],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,"[291, 292]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,[297],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,308,[308],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,309,[309],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,"[310, 311, 312]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,[314],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,"[315, 316, 317]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,[320],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,"[323, 324]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,[331],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,[332],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,333,[333],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,341,[341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,"[342, 343]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,[344],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,[345],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,[346],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,"[347, 348]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,352,[352],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,[353],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,355,[355],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,"[364, 365]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,[369],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,[378],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,[379],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,380,[380],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,381,"[381, 382, 383]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,389,[389],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,390,[390],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,409,[409],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,410,[410],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,411,"[411, 412]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,414,[414],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,415,"[415, 416]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,417,[417],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,418,[418],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,419,[419],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,455,"[455, 456]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,458,"[458, 459]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,461,"[461, 462]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,464,"[464, 465]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,467,[467],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_properties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,474,[474],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,"[161, 162]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,"[164, 165]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,"[175, 176]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,"[179, 180]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,"[193, 194]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,"[199, 200]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,"[205, 206]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,"[217, 218]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,"[222, 223]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,"[233, 234]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,"[238, 239]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,"[243, 244]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,"[248, 249]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,"[253, 254]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,"[268, 269]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_templates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,"[67, 68, 69, 70, 71]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,"[52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,"[64, 65]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,"[86, 87]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/tests/test_validation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/validation/errors.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/core/validation/warnings.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,"[78, 79]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,"[82, 83]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,"[94, 95]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,"[140, 141, 142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,"[147, 148]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,[289],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,[311],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,"[313, 314, 315]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,316,[316],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,"[317, 318, 319]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,[320],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,328,"[328, 329, 330]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,[331],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,"[332, 333, 334]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,336,"[336, 337, 338]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,[340],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,341,[341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,[346],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,[347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,[348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,[349],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,[353],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,[369],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,[371],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,375,[375],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,[379],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,380,[380],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,391,[391],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,[395],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,398,[398],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,"[401, 402]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,405,[405],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,[408],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,412,[412],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,415,[415],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,416,[416],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,417,[417],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,[427],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,428,[428],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,429,[429],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,430,[430],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,431,[431],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,432,[432],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,433,[433],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,434,[434],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,438,[438],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,441,[441],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,[442],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,450,[450],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,452,[452],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,[453],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,454,[454],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,455,[455],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,456,[456],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,457,[457],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,458,[458],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,459,"[459, 460]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,461,[461],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,462,[462],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,463,[463],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,464,[464],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,468,[468],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,471,[471],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,[472],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,480,[480],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,482,[482],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,483,[483],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,484,[484],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,485,[485],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,486,[486],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,487,[487],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,488,"[488, 489]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,490,[490],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,491,[491],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,492,[492],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,493,[493],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,498,[498],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,501,[501],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,502,[502],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,508,[508],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,509,[509],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,512,[512],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,516,"[516, 517]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,525,[525],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,526,[526],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,527,[527],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,528,[528],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,531,[531],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,532,[532],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,533,[533],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,534,"[534, 535]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,537,[537],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,538,[538],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,539,[539],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,540,"[540, 541]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,543,[543],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,544,[544],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,545,[545],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,546,[546],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,550,[550],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,551,"[551, 552]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,559,[559],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,560,[560],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,561,[561],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,562,[562],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,563,[563],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,573,[573],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,574,"[574, 575]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,579,[579],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,580,[580],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,581,[581],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,582,"[582, 583]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,585,[585],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,586,[586],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,587,[587],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,588,[588],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,598,[598],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,599,"[599, 600]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,604,[604],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,605,[605],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,606,[606],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,607,"[607, 608]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,610,[610],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,611,[611],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,612,[612],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,613,[613],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,624,[624],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,625,"[625, 626]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,631,[631],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,632,[632],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,633,[633],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,634,[634],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,644,[644],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,645,"[645, 646]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,650,[650],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,651,[651],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,652,"[652, 653]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,655,[655],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,656,[656],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,657,[657],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,658,[658],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,662,[662],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,668,[668],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,669,[669],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,673,[673],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,679,[679],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,680,[680],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,684,[684],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,690,[690],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,691,[691],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,697,[697],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,703,[703],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,704,[704],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,708,[708],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,709,[709],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,713,[713],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,714,[714],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,716,[716],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,717,[717],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,718,[718],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,722,[722],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,723,[723],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,731,[731],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,732,[732],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,736,[736],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,737,[737],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,745,"[745, 746]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,750,[750],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,755,"[755, 756]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,758,[758],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,764,[764],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,768,[768],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,769,[769],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,777,"[777, 778]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,783,"[783, 784]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,789,[789],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,793,[793],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,794,[794],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,797,"[797, 798]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,810,[810],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,812,[812],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,814,[814],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,816,[816],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,818,[818],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,820,[820],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,822,[822],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,824,[824],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,826,[826],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,828,[828],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,831,[831],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,833,[833],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,835,[835],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,837,[837],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,839,[839],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,842,[842],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,846,[846],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,847,[847],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,857,"[857, 858]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,859,[859],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,860,[860],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,861,"[861, 862]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,867,[867],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,868,[868],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,869,[869],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,870,[870],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,871,"[871, 872, 873]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,878,[878],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,879,"[879, 880]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,881,[881],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,882,[882],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,883,[883],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,887,[887],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,888,[888],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,893,[893],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,894,[894],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,895,[895],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,896,"[896, 897]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,905,[905],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,906,[906],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,915,[915],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,916,[916],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_document.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,924,[924],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,"[67, 68]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,[283],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,[284],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,[292],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,308,[308],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,[320],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,[330],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,[331],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,[345],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,[346],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,355,[355],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,356,[356],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,[378],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,[379],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,380,[380],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,385,[385],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,393,[393],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,[399],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,[401],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,410,[410],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,411,[411],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,412,[412],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,421,[421],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,422,[422],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,423,[423],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,431,[431],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,440,[440],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,441,[441],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,[442],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,443,[443],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,451,[451],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,452,[452],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,[453],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,461,[461],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,469,[469],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,470,[470],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,471,[471],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,[472],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,479,[479],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,484,[484],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,492,[492],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,493,[493],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,494,[494],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,495,[495],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,502,[502],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,507,[507],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_locking.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_locking.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_locking.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_locking.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_locking.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_locking.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_locking.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_locking.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_locking.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/document/tests/test_locking.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_bundle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_elements.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70, 71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,"[76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,"[86, 87, 88, 89]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,"[93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,"[104, 105, 106, 107]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,"[111, 112]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122, 123, 124]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,"[128, 129]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,"[144, 145, 146, 147]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,"[151, 152]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,"[174, 175, 176, 177]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,"[181, 182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,"[191, 192, 193, 194]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,"[198, 199]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,[286],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,"[90, 91]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,"[93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,"[97, 98]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,"[139, 140]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,"[189, 190]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,"[192, 193]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_standalone.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,[286],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,[297],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,302,[302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,[305],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,306,[306],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,"[307, 308]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,309,[309],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,[320],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,[323],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,324,[324],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,336,[336],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,337,[337],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,338,[338],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,[340],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,341,[341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,[342],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,[353],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,355,[355],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,356,[356],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,[359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,[369],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,[371],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,[374],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,375,[375],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,376,[376],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,377,[377],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,[378],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,[379],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,398,[398],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,[399],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,404,[404],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,406,[406],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,407,[407],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,409,[409],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,410,[410],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,416,[416],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,417,[417],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,419,[419],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,[420],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,421,[421],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,423,[423],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,424,[424],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,426,"[426, 427]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,428,[428],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,439,[439],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,440,[440],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,441,[441],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,[442],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,443,[443],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,444,[444],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,455,[455],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,456,[456],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,457,[457],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,458,[458],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,459,[459],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,460,[460],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,461,[461],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,[472],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,[473],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,474,[474],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,475,[475],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,476,[476],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,477,[477],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,478,[478],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,487,[487],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,488,[488],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,490,[490],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,491,[491],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,492,[492],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,493,[493],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,494,[494],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,495,[495],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,496,[496],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,497,[497],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,498,[498],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,508,[508],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,509,[509],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,510,[510],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,511,[511],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,512,[512],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,513,[513],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,521,[521],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,522,[522],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,523,[523],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,524,[524],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,525,[525],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,526,[526],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,532,[532],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,541,"[541, 542]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,545,[545],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,546,[546],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,555,"[555, 556]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,559,[559],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,560,[560],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,570,"[570, 571]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,573,"[573, 574]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,577,[577],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,578,[578],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,605,[605],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,617,[617],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,618,[618],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,627,[627],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,628,[628],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,629,[629],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,630,"[630, 631]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,632,[632],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,642,[642],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,643,[643],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,644,[644],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,645,"[645, 646]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,647,[647],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,656,[656],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,657,[657],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,658,[658],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,659,[659],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,660,[660],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,661,"[661, 662]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,663,[663],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,664,[664],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,672,[672],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,673,[673],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,684,[684],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,685,[685],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,686,[686],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,693,[693],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,694,[694],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,701,[701],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,702,[702],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,709,[709],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,710,[710],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,718,[718],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,719,[719],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,727,[727],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,728,[728],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,734,[734],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,735,[735],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,"[44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,"[58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,"[68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/embed/tests/test_wrappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,"[91, 92, 93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,"[66, 67]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_export.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_notebook.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_output.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,"[76, 77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,"[98, 99, 100]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,"[114, 115]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_saving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,"[116, 117]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,"[120, 121]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,"[122, 123]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,"[126, 127]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,"[150, 151]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,"[152, 153]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,"[171, 172]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,"[175, 176]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,"[181, 182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_showing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,"[71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_state.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,"[73, 74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,"[86, 87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/io/tests/test_webdriver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,478,[478],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,[292],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,293,[293],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,[297],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,302,[302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,303,[303],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,[304],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,[305],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,306,[306],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,308,[308],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,309,[309],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,[311],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,[340],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,341,[341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,[342],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,343,[343],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,[344],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,[345],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,360,[360],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,361,[361],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,[383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,389,[389],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,390,[390],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,391,[391],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,393,[393],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,[395],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,396,[396],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,[420],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,421,[421],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,422,[422],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,423,[423],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,424,[424],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,426,[426],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,[427],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,428,[428],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,429,[429],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,430,[430],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,431,[431],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,432,[432],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,433,[433],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,434,[434],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,435,[435],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,436,[436],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,464,[464],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,475,[475],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,486,[486],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,496,[496],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_axes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_axes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,"[41, 42]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_axes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_axes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,"[44, 45]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,"[48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_defaults.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_formatters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_formatters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_formatters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_formatters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,"[91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_formatters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_formatters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,"[108, 109, 110]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_formatters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,[236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,277,[277],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,[289],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,302,[302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,303,[303],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,[304],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,333,[333],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,334,[334],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,[345],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,[346],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,[347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,[348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,361,[361],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,380,[380],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,381,[381],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,382,[382],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,[383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,398,[398],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,[399],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,[401],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,402,[402],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,[420],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,421,[421],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,422,[422],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,423,[423],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,435,[435],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,436,[436],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,437,[437],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,449,[449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,450,[450],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,451,[451],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,466,[466],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,467,[467],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,468,[468],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,469,[469],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,482,[482],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,483,[483],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,484,[484],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,485,[485],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,486,[486],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,487,[487],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_glyphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,514,[514],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,"[52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,"[81, 82]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,"[131, 132]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_graphs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,"[58, 59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63, 64]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97, 98]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,"[100, 101, 102]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_mappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_mappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_mappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_mappers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,"[144, 145]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,"[158, 159]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,"[172, 173, 174, 175]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,"[182, 183, 184]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,"[284, 285, 286]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,[289],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_plots.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,"[219, 220]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,"[222, 223]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,"[239, 240]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,"[244, 245]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_ranges.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_renderers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_renderers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_renderers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_renderers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_renderers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_renderers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_renderers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_renderers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,333,[333],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,334,[334],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,382,[382],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,[383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,389,[389],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,416,[416],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,423,[423],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,[427],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,429,"[429, 430]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,431,[431],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,467,[467],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,478,[478],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,480,"[480, 481]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,482,[482],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,522,[522],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,529,[529],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,531,[531],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,533,[533],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,535,"[535, 536]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,537,[537],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,575,[575],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,585,[585],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,587,[587],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,589,"[589, 590]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,591,[591],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,627,[627],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,628,[628],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,656,[656],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,657,[657],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,679,[679],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,680,"[680, 681]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,685,[685],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,686,"[686, 687]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,691,[691],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,692,"[692, 693]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,697,[697],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,698,[698],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,704,[704],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,711,[711],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,718,[718],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,725,[725],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_tools.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,"[55, 56]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,"[110, 111, 112, 113]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,"[114, 115, 116, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121, 122, 123, 124, 125, 126, 127, 128]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,"[138, 139, 140, 141]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,"[142, 143, 144, 145, 146, 147, 148, 149, 150, 151, 152, 153, 154, 155, 156]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/test_transforms.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/tests/utils/property_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/widgets/tests/test_slider.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/widgets/tests/test_slider.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/widgets/tests/test_slider.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,"[65, 66]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/widgets/tests/test_slider.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/widgets/tests/test_slider.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/models/widgets/tests/test_slider.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/helpers.py,blacklist,B307,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of possibly insecure function - consider using safer ast.literal_eval.,696,[696],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b307-eval
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,"[48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,"[95, 96]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,"[107, 108]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,"[110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,"[125, 126]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,"[135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,"[145, 146]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,"[185, 186]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,"[247, 248, 249]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,"[252, 253, 254]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,"[267, 268]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,"[280, 281]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,[283],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,"[291, 292]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,[311],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,324,[324],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,[342],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,343,[343],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,[344],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,[345],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,[379],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,380,[380],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,[395],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,[401],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,407,[407],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,414,[414],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,[420],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,434,[434],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,435,[435],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,436,[436],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,437,[437],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,438,[438],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,446,[446],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,447,[447],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,456,[456],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,457,[457],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_figure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,458,[458],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,"[98, 99]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,"[206, 207]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,"[226, 227]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,"[289, 290]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,"[292, 293]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,303,[303],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,328,[328],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,333,[333],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,334,[334],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,335,[335],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,"[345, 346]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,[347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,351,[351],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,352,[352],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,"[353, 354]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,356,[356],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/plotting/tests/test_helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,"[88, 89]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131, 132]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,"[136, 137, 138]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,"[142, 143, 144]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,"[149, 150, 151]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,"[156, 157, 158]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,"[163, 164]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,"[176, 177, 178, 179]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_patch_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_pull_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_pull_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_push_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/messages/tests/test_push_doc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_message.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_message.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_message.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_message.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,"[50, 51]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,"[53, 54]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,"[66, 67]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_receiver.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_versions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/protocol/tests/test_versions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_airport_routes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_airport_routes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_airports.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_autompg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,"[48, 49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_autompg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_autompg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_autompg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58, 59]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_autompg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_autompg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_autompg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_autompg2.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_autompg2.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_browsers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,"[48, 49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_browsers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_browsers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_browsers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_commits.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_commits.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_daylight.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_daylight.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_degrees.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_degrees.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_gapminder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_glucose.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_haar_cascade.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_iris.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_iris.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_les_mis.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_les_mis.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_movies_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_mtb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_mtb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_olympics2014.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_olympics2014.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_perceptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,"[48, 49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_perceptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_perceptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_perceptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_periodic_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_periodic_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_population.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_sample_geojson.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_sea_surface_temperature.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_sea_surface_temperature.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_sprint.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_sprint.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_stocks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_unemployment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_unemployment1948.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_unemployment1948.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_us_cities.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_us_counties.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_us_holidays.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_us_holidays.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_us_marriages_divorces.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_us_marriages_divorces.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_us_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_us_states.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/tests/test_world_cities.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/us_counties.py,blacklist,B405,LOW,HIGH,"Using xml.etree.cElementTree to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace xml.etree.cElementTree with the equivalent defusedxml package, or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called.",43,"[43, 44, 45, 46, 47]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b405-import-xml-etree
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/us_counties.py,blacklist,B313,MEDIUM,HIGH,Using xml.etree.cElementTree.fromstring to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace xml.etree.cElementTree.fromstring with its defusedxml equivalent function or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b313-b320-xml-bad-celementtree
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/us_states.py,blacklist,B405,LOW,HIGH,"Using xml.etree.cElementTree to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace xml.etree.cElementTree with the equivalent defusedxml package, or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called.",36,"[36, 37, 38, 39, 40]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b405-import-xml-etree
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sampledata/us_states.py,blacklist,B313,MEDIUM,HIGH,Using xml.etree.cElementTree.fromstring to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace xml.etree.cElementTree.fromstring with its defusedxml equivalent function or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b313-b320-xml-bad-celementtree
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,370,"[370, 371]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,"[86, 87]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,"[106, 107]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_callbacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_contexts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,"[180, 181]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,"[184, 185]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,"[188, 189]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,"[191, 192]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,"[203, 204, 205]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,"[212, 213]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,"[283, 284]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,333,"[333, 334]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,337,"[337, 338, 339, 340]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,356,"[356, 357, 358, 359, 360, 361, 362, 363, 364, 365, 366, 367]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,"[369, 370, 371]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,"[374, 375, 376]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,377,[377],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,[378],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,407,[407],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,422,[422],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,446,"[446, 447]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,454,[454],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,455,[455],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,461,"[461, 462]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,467,[467],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,"[473, 474]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,481,[481],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,482,[482],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,488,"[488, 489]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,494,[494],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,500,"[500, 501]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,507,"[507, 508]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,510,[510],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,511,[511],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,"[517, 518]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,524,"[524, 525]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,527,[527],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,528,[528],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,534,"[534, 535]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,544,[544],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,545,[545],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'foo',549,[549],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,551,"[551, 552]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,559,[559],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,560,"[560, 561]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,562,[562],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'foo',562,[562],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'foo',566,[566],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,568,"[568, 569]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,576,[576],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,577,"[577, 578]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,579,[579],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'foo',579,[579],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'bar',583,[583],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,585,"[585, 586]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,591,"[591, 592]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,594,[594],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'bar',598,[598],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,600,"[600, 601]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,605,"[605, 606]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,608,[608],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'bar',612,[612],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,614,"[614, 615]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,624,[624],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,630,"[630, 631]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,634,"[634, 635]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,637,[637],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,643,"[643, 644]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,647,"[647, 648]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,650,[650],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,675,[675],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,700,[700],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_session.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,"[82, 83]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,"[89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/test_util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/tests/utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/util.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/views/tests/test_ws.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/views/tests/test_ws.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/views/tests/test_ws.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/server/views/tests/test_ws.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sphinxext/bokeh_palette.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,52,"[52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sphinxext/bokeh_palette.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/sphinxext/templates.py,jinja2_autoescape_false,B701,HIGH,HIGH,"By default, jinja2 sets autoescape to False. Consider using autoescape=True or use the select_autoescape function to mitigate XSS vulnerabilities.",5,[5],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b701_jinja2_autoescape_false.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test___init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test___main__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test___main__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test___main__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,"[60, 61]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,"[198, 199]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,"[210, 211]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,"[228, 229]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,"[231, 232]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,"[240, 241]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,"[254, 255]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,"[261, 262]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,"[275, 276]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,"[282, 283, 284]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,"[288, 289]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,[292],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,"[305, 306]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,"[314, 315, 316]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,"[321, 322, 323]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,"[332, 333]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,336,"[336, 337]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,[340],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,[353],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,"[366, 367, 368]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,377,"[377, 378, 379]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,390,"[390, 391]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,"[399, 400]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,403,[403],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,439,"[439, 440]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,441,[441],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,"[472, 473]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,474,[474],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,508,"[508, 509]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,510,[510],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,541,"[541, 542]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,543,[543],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,574,"[574, 575]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,576,[576],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,610,"[610, 611]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,612,[612],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,643,[643],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,674,[674],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,708,[708],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,751,"[751, 752]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,788,"[788, 789, 790, 791]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,792,[792],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,793,"[793, 794, 795]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,796,[796],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,797,[797],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,812,[812],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,815,[815],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,816,"[816, 817]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,833,"[833, 834, 835]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,838,"[838, 839]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,842,[842],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,858,[858],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,861,[861],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,862,"[862, 863]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,882,"[882, 883, 884]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,887,"[887, 888]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,891,[891],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,908,[908],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,911,[911],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,912,"[912, 913]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,939,[939],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,948,[948],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,957,[957],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_client_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,959,[959],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_driving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_driving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_driving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_driving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_driving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_driving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_driving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_driving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_driving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_driving.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_events.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,"[50, 51]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,"[53, 54]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_layouts.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_model.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_model.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_model.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_model.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_model.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_model.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_model.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_model.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,"[133, 134]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,"[136, 137, 138]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,"[208, 209, 210, 211, 212, 213, 214, 215, 216]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,"[217, 218, 219, 220]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,[236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,"[253, 254, 255]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,"[256, 257]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,"[258, 259]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,"[270, 271, 272]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,"[273, 274]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,"[275, 276]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,"[292, 293, 294, 295]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,303,"[303, 304, 305, 306]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,[320],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,[323],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,326,[326],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,"[340, 341, 342]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,[344],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,[345],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,"[346, 347]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,[349],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,350,[350],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,355,[355],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,356,[356],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,[359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,360,[360],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,361,[361],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,375,[375],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,384,[384],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,393,[393],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,402,[402],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,411,[411],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,[420],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,430,[430],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,437,[437],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,444,[444],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,451,[451],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,458,[458],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,478,[478],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,479,"[479, 480, 481]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,483,[483],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,484,[484],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,485,"[485, 486]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,488,[488],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,489,[489],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,494,[494],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,495,[495],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,498,[498],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,499,[499],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,500,[500],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,501,[501],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,505,[505],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,514,[514],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,523,[523],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,532,[532],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,541,[541],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,550,[550],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,559,[559],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,560,[560],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,564,[564],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,566,[566],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,571,[571],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,574,[574],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,576,[576],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_objects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,584,[584],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4,[4],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5,[5],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6,[6],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,"[29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,"[94, 95]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,"[98, 99]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103, 104]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,"[110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,"[114, 115]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,"[116, 117, 118, 119, 120]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122, 123]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,"[132, 133, 134, 135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,"[137, 138, 139]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,"[146, 147]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,"[148, 149, 150, 151, 152]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,"[153, 154, 155]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,"[165, 166, 167, 168, 169]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171, 172]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,"[177, 178]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,"[181, 182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,"[192, 193]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,"[201, 202]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,"[210, 211]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,"[219, 220]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,"[266, 267]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,"[271, 272, 273]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,277,[277],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,"[290, 291, 292]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,293,[293],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_resources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_server.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_server.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_settings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_settings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_settings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,"[200, 201]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,"[238, 239]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,"[241, 242]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,"[244, 245]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_themes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_tile_providers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_tile_providers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_tile_providers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_tile_providers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_tile_providers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_tile_providers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_tile_providers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,"[110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_tile_providers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_transform.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_widgets.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_widgets.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_widgets.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_widgets.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_widgets.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_widgets.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_widgets.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/tests/test_widgets.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/themes/theme.py,yaml_load,B506,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/browser.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/compiler.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with Popen module.,17,"[17, 18]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/compiler.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/compiler.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/dependencies.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with Popen module.,7,"[7, 8]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/dependencies.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/sampledata.py,yaml_load,B506,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/sampledata.py,blacklist,B310,MEDIUM,HIGH,Audit url open for permitted schemes. Allowing use of file:/ or custom schemes is often unexpected.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b310-urllib-urlopen
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/session_id.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,"[70, 71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,"[81, 82, 83]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,"[89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_browser.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,[287],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,302,[302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,309,[309],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,335,[335],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,[342],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,[349],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_callback_manager.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,"[8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,"[15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,"[21, 22, 23, 24, 25]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,"[26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36, 37, 38, 39]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,"[40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,"[50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57, 58, 59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70, 71]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,"[88, 89]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,"[125, 126]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,"[128, 129]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,"[131, 132]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,"[134, 135]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_compiler.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_dependencies.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_dependencies.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_dependencies.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_dependencies.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_dependencies.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_dependencies.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_dependencies.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_deprecation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_deprecation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_deprecation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_deprecation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_deprecation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_deprecation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_deprecation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_deprecation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_deprecation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_hex.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,"[171, 172]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,"[175, 176]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,"[179, 180]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,"[190, 191]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,"[205, 206]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,"[220, 221]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,"[235, 236, 237]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,"[251, 252, 253]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,"[267, 268, 269]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,277,[277],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,[283],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,"[289, 290]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,293,"[293, 294]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,"[297, 298]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,308,[308],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,[315],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,316,[316],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,"[320, 321]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,[331],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,341,[341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,"[342, 343]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,[344],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,"[345, 346]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,[347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,350,[350],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,"[366, 367]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,"[368, 369]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,370,"[370, 371]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,382,[382],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,[395],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,396,[396],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,398,"[398, 399]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,"[401, 402]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,403,[403],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,415,[415],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,[420],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,421,[421],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,422,[422],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,423,[423],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,424,[424],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,[427],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,428,[428],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,"[28, 29]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'foo',71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,"[92, 93]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'qrs',107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,"[114, 115]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'qrs',122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_session_id.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'abc',148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,"[17, 18]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_string.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_tornado.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,"[38, 39]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_version.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_version.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_version.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_version.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_version.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_version.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_version.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_version.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/bokeh/util/tests/test_version.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/app/spectrogram/audio.py,try_except_continue,B112,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Continue detected.",40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b112_try_except_continue.html
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/app/stocks/download_sample_data.py,blacklist,B310,MEDIUM,HIGH,Audit url open for permitted schemes. Allowing use of file:/ or custom schemes is often unexpected.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b310-urllib-urlopen
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/embed/arguments/flask_server.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,14,"[14, 15]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/embed/arguments/flask_server.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,46,"[46, 47]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/embed/arguments/flask_server.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,46,"[46, 47]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/embed/arguments/flask_server.py,flask_debug_true,B201,HIGH,MEDIUM,"A Flask app appears to be run with debug=True, which exposes the Werkzeug debugger and allows the execution of arbitrary code.",63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b201_flask_debug_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/embed/embed_multiple_responsive.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/embed/embed_responsive_width_height.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/howto/server_embed/tornado_embed.py,jinja2_autoescape_false,B701,HIGH,HIGH,"By default, jinja2 sets autoescape to False. Consider using autoescape=True or use the select_autoescape function to mitigate XSS vulnerabilities.",14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b701_jinja2_autoescape_false.html
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/howto/using_password_input.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'Bok3h',12,"[12, 13]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
bokeh-1.0.3/examples/plotting/file/color_sliders.py,yaml_load,B506,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,118,"[118, 119, 120, 121, 122, 123, 124, 125, 126, 127, 128, 129]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html
bokeh-1.0.3/sphinx/docserver.py,blacklist,B322,HIGH,HIGH,"The input method in Python 2 will read from standard input, evaluate and run the resulting string as python source code. This is similar, though in many ways worse, then using eval. On Python 2, use raw_input instead, input is safe in Python 3.",58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b322-input
bokeh-1.0.3/sphinx/docserver.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
bokeh-1.0.3/sphinx/source/docs/user_guide/examples/interaction_callbacks_for_selections.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
bokeh-1.0.3/sphinx/source/docs/user_guide/examples/interaction_callbacks_for_selections.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
bokeh-1.0.3/sphinx/source/docs/user_guide/examples/interaction_callbacks_for_selections_lasso_mean.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
bokeh-1.0.3/sphinx/source/docs/user_guide/examples/interaction_callbacks_for_selections_lasso_mean.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
bokeh-1.0.3/sphinx/source/docs/user_guide/examples/interaction_data_table.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_code_quality.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,24,"[24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_code_quality.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_code_quality.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_code_quality.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_flake8.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with PIPE module.,22,"[22, 23, 24, 25, 26]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_flake8.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_flake8.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_flake8.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_js_license_set.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with PIPE module.,22,"[22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_js_license_set.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,51,"[51, 52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_js_license_set.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,51,"[51, 52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_js_license_set.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_client_server_common.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with PIPE module.,21,"[21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_client_server_common.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_client_server_common.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_client_server_common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_ipython_common.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with PIPE module.,21,"[21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_ipython_common.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,48,"[48, 49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_ipython_common.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,48,"[48, 49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_ipython_common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_request_host.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with check_output module.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_request_host.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_request_host.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_request_host.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_tornado_common.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with PIPE module.,21,"[21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_tornado_common.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,46,"[46, 47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_tornado_common.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,46,"[46, 47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_no_tornado_common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_python_execution_with_OO.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with PIPE module.,22,"[22, 23, 24, 25, 26]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_python_execution_with_OO.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_python_execution_with_OO.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_python_execution_with_OO.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/codebase/test_windows_reserved_filenames.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/embed/test_json_item.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,"[70, 71]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88, 89]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,"[114, 115]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,"[123, 124, 125]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,"[131, 132, 133]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/models/test_sources.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,"[91, 92, 93]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97, 98]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,"[101, 102]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,"[138, 139]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,"[160, 161]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,"[182, 183]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,"[200, 201]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,"[67, 68]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,"[89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,"[110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,"[127, 128]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,"[142, 143]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,"[159, 160]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,"[176, 177]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,"[193, 194]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,"[210, 211]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,"[227, 228]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,"[242, 243]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_box_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_custom_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,"[50, 51]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_custom_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,"[91, 92, 93]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97, 98]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,"[101, 102]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,"[116, 117]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,"[132, 133]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_freehand_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81, 82]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,"[108, 109]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,"[125, 126]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,"[142, 143]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,"[159, 160]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_pan_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,"[91, 92, 93]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97, 98]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,"[101, 102]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,"[117, 118]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,"[132, 133]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,"[149, 150]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,"[166, 167]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,"[182, 183]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_point_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,"[95, 96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,"[100, 101, 102]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,"[105, 106]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,"[122, 123]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,"[141, 142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,"[159, 160]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,"[177, 178]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,"[195, 196]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_draw_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,"[91, 92]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103, 104]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,"[107, 108, 109]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,"[112, 113]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,"[132, 133]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,"[154, 155]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,"[177, 178]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,"[201, 202]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_poly_edit_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,"[58, 59]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78, 79]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,"[89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,"[119, 120, 121]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,"[158, 159, 160]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,"[200, 201, 202]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,"[212, 213]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,"[242, 243, 244]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,"[254, 255]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_reset_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_tap_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_tap_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_tap_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_tap_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_tap_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_tap_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_tap_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_toolbar_autohide.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,"[46, 47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_toolbar_autohide.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,"[51, 52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_toolbar_autohide.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,"[55, 56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_toolbar_autohide.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_toolbar_autohide.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,"[66, 67, 68]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_toolbar_autohide.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,"[71, 72, 73, 74]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_toolbar_autohide.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78, 79, 80]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_toolbar_autohide.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,"[83, 84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_toolbar_autohide.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,"[67, 68, 69]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73, 74]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,"[95, 96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,"[109, 110]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,"[127, 128, 129]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,"[141, 142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,"[159, 160, 161]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,"[173, 174]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,"[183, 184]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,"[201, 202, 203]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,"[215, 216]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,"[225, 226]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_wheel_zoom_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_in_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/tools/test_zoom_out_tool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,"[110, 111, 112]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,"[120, 121]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,"[133, 134, 135]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,"[143, 144]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,"[154, 155, 156]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,"[164, 165]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,"[181, 182, 183]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,"[191, 192]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,"[204, 205, 206]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,"[214, 215]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,"[225, 226, 227]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,"[235, 236]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,"[252, 253, 254]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,"[262, 263]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,"[275, 276, 277]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,"[285, 286]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,[287],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,"[296, 297, 298]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,306,"[306, 307]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,308,[308],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,"[317, 318, 319]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,"[327, 328]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_cell_editors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,"[65, 66]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,"[82, 83]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,"[95, 96]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,"[98, 99]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,"[104, 105]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,"[107, 108]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,"[124, 125]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,"[127, 128]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,"[132, 133]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,"[135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_data_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,"[82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,"[137, 138, 139, 140, 141, 142, 143, 144, 145, 146, 147, 148, 149, 150, 151]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,"[184, 185]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,"[192, 193, 194, 195, 196, 197, 198, 199, 200, 201, 202, 203, 204, 205, 206]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,"[233, 234]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,[236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,"[242, 243, 244, 245, 246, 247, 248, 249, 250, 251, 252, 253, 254, 255, 256]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,[284],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,[285],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,"[286, 287, 288]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,"[297, 298, 299]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,306,[306],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,308,[308],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,334,[334],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,335,[335],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,336,"[336, 337, 338]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,[348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,[349],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,350,"[350, 351]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,[359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,360,[360],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,391,"[391, 392]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,393,[393],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,"[394, 395]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,398,[398],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,"[399, 400]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,403,[403],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,404,"[404, 405]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,412,[412],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,"[413, 414]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,415,[415],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,416,[416],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,"[448, 449]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,450,[450],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,451,"[451, 452]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,455,[455],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,456,"[456, 457]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,460,[460],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,461,"[461, 462]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,469,[469],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,470,"[470, 471]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,[472],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,[473],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,505,"[505, 506]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,507,[507],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,508,"[508, 509]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,512,[512],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,513,"[513, 514]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,[517],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,518,"[518, 519]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,526,[526],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,527,"[527, 528]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,529,[529],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,530,[530],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,557,"[557, 558]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,559,[559],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,560,"[560, 561]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,564,[564],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,565,"[565, 566]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,569,[569],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,570,"[570, 571]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,573,[573],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,579,[579],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,580,"[580, 581]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,582,[582],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,583,[583],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,609,"[609, 610]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,611,[611],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,612,"[612, 613]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,615,[615],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,621,[621],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,622,"[622, 623]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,624,[624],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,625,[625],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,652,"[652, 653]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,655,[655],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,658,[658],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,679,"[679, 680]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,681,"[681, 682]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,683,"[683, 684]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/tables/test_source_updates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,685,[685],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_button.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_button.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_button.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_button.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_button.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_button.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_button.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,"[135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_button.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_button.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,"[149, 150]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_button.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,"[105, 106]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,"[112, 113]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,"[119, 120]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,"[134, 135]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,"[141, 142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,"[148, 149]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,"[103, 104]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,"[109, 110]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,"[115, 116]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,"[135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,"[141, 142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_checkbox_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_copy_paste.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,"[70, 71]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_copy_paste.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_div.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,"[51, 52]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_div.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_div.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_div.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_div.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,"[71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_div.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,"[100, 101]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,"[110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,"[137, 138]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,"[145, 146]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,"[153, 154]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,"[169, 170]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,"[177, 178]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,"[185, 186]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_dropdown.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_paragraph.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,"[51, 52]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_paragraph.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_paragraph.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_paragraph.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,"[89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122, 123]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,"[157, 158, 159]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,"[163, 164, 165]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,"[188, 189, 190]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,"[194, 195, 196]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,"[201, 202]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_password_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_pretext.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,"[51, 52]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_pretext.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_pretext.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_pretext.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,"[104, 105]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,"[111, 112]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,"[126, 127]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,"[133, 134]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_button_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,"[103, 104]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,"[109, 110]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,"[123, 124]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_radio_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,"[58, 59]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,"[68, 69]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,"[91, 92]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,"[107, 108]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,"[111, 112]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,"[125, 126]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,"[144, 145]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,"[148, 149]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,"[166, 167]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,"[189, 190]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,"[193, 194]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,"[211, 212]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,"[215, 216]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,"[251, 252]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,"[280, 281]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,"[297, 298]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_select.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,"[89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122, 123]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,"[157, 158, 159]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,"[163, 164, 165]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,"[188, 189, 190]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,"[194, 195, 196]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,"[201, 202]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_text_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_textarea_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_textarea_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_textarea_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_textarea_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_textarea_input.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,"[93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,"[124, 125]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,"[144, 145]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,"[150, 151]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,"[156, 157]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/integration/widgets/test_toggle.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/test_bokehjs.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,5,"[5, 6]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/test_bokehjs.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/test_bokehjs.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/test_bokehjs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/test_examples.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/test_examples.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/test_examples.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/test_examples.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/test_examples.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/tests/test_examples.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/versioneer.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,287,[287],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
bokeh-1.0.3/versioneer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,385,[385],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/versioneer.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,391,"[391, 392, 393, 394]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
bokeh-1.0.3/versioneer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1421,[1421],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/versioneer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1423,[1423],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/versioneer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1425,"[1425, 1426]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
bokeh-1.0.3/versioneer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1427,"[1427, 1428]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
