filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
ckan-1.5/ckan/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,"[133, 134, 135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/controllers/admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/controllers/admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/controllers/admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/controllers/api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/controllers/authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/controllers/group_formalchemy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/controllers/home.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
ckan-1.5/ckan/controllers/package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,509,[509],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/builder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/builder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/builder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/builder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/builder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/builder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,[344],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,[348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,406,[406],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/forms/common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,676,[676],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/authztool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,375,[375],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,404,[404],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,470,[470],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/captcha.py,blacklist,B310,MEDIUM,HIGH,Audit url open for permitted schemes. Allowing use of file:/ or custom schemes is often unexpected.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b310-urllib-urlopen
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/cli.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/cli.py,subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true,B602,HIGH,HIGH,"subprocess call with shell=True identified, security issue.",166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b602_subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'tester',83,"[83, 84]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,293,[293],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'tester',393,[393],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'joeadmin',394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'annafan',395,[395],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'russianfan',396,[396],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,hardcoded_password_funcarg,B106,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'testsysadmin',397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,456,[456],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/create_test_data.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,486,[486],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/field_types.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/field_types.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/field_types.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/field_types.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/field_types.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,"[204, 205, 206]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/field_types.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/field_types.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/field_types.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/field_types.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/helpers.py,blacklist,B410,LOW,HIGH,Using fromstring to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace fromstring with the equivalent defusedxml package.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b410-import-lxml
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/i18n.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/i18n.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/i18n.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,"[60, 61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/i18n.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,"[104, 105]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/i18n.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,"[108, 109]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/i18n.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/navl/dictization_functions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/navl/dictization_functions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/search/query.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,"[227, 228]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/search/sql.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,"[16, 17]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/stats.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/stats.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/stats.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/lib/stats.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/015_remove_state_object.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/018_adjust_licenses.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/018_adjust_licenses.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/029_version_groups.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/034_resource_group_table.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/034_resource_group_table.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,133,"[133, 134]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/034_resource_group_table.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,136,"[136, 137]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/034_resource_group_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/034_resource_group_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/034_resource_group_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,"[182, 183, 184]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/034_resource_group_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,"[185, 186, 187]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/034_resource_group_table.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/039_add_expired_id_and_dates.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/039_add_expired_id_and_dates.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/039_add_expired_id_and_dates.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/039_add_expired_id_and_dates.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/039_add_expired_id_and_dates.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/039_add_expired_id_and_dates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/039_add_expired_id_and_dates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/migration/versions/039_add_expired_id_and_dates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/__init__.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,"[171, 172, 173]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,[315],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,381,"[381, 382]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,[399],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,[408],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/changeset.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,839,[839],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/changeset.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,840,[840],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,"[93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/package_relationship.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,"[21, 22, 23, 24]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,"[34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,"[51, 52, 53, 54]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/user.py,blacklist,B303,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Use of insecure MD2, MD4, MD5, or SHA1 hash function.",76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b303-md5
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/user.py,blacklist,B303,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Use of insecure MD2, MD4, MD5, or SHA1 hash function.",77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b303-md5
ckan-1.5/ckan/model/user.py,blacklist,B303,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Use of insecure MD2, MD4, MD5, or SHA1 hash function.",105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b303-md5
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,start_process_with_a_shell,B605,HIGH,HIGH,"Starting a process with a shell, possible injection detected, security issue.",76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b605_start_process_with_a_shell.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,"[282, 283, 284, 285]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,308,[308],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,308,[308],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,blacklist,B310,MEDIUM,HIGH,Audit url open for permitted schemes. Allowing use of file:/ or custom schemes is often unexpected.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b310-urllib-urlopen
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/__init__.py,start_process_with_a_shell,B605,HIGH,HIGH,"Starting a process with a shell, possible injection detected, security issue.",327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b605_start_process_with_a_shell.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,"[29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,"[37, 38]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,"[52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,"[144, 145, 146]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,"[150, 151, 152]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,"[153, 154, 155, 156, 157]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,"[160, 161, 162]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,"[194, 195]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,"[196, 197, 198]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,"[202, 203, 204]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,"[206, 207, 208]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,"[210, 211, 212]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,"[218, 219]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,[284],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,[297],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,324,[324],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,[344],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/forms/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,351,[351],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,"[92, 93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,"[158, 159, 160, 161]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,[287],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,[311],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,"[37, 38, 39]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,"[43, 44, 45]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131, 132]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,"[140, 141, 142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,"[177, 178]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_licenses.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_licenses.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_licenses.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_licenses.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,"[208, 209]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,356,[356],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,460,[460],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,484,"[484, 485, 486]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,534,"[534, 535]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,547,"[547, 548]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,558,[558],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,567,[567],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,581,"[581, 582, 583]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,584,"[584, 585, 586]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,595,[595],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,610,[610],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,611,[611],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,612,[612],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,613,[613],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,631,"[631, 632, 633]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,641,[641],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,642,[642],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,"[63, 64]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_ratings.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,"[26, 27]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,"[28, 29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,"[31, 32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,[236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_revisions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,"[19, 20, 21]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_revisions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_revisions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_revisions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_revisions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,"[39, 40]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_revisions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_revisions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/model/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,"[60, 61]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,"[174, 175, 176]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,"[184, 185, 186]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,"[238, 239]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,"[281, 282, 283]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,302,[302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,303,[303],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,[304],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,[305],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,"[315, 316, 317, 318, 319, 320, 321, 322, 323]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,337,"[337, 338, 339, 340, 341, 342, 343]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,[369],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,370,[370],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,[371],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,[374],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,375,"[375, 376, 377]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,[383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,384,[384],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,389,"[389, 390, 391]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,398,[398],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,[401],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,402,[402],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,403,"[403, 404, 405]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,412,"[412, 413, 414, 415, 416, 417, 418]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,441,[441],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,[442],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,443,[443],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,444,[444],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,445,[445],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,446,[446],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,447,[447],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,449,[449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,455,[455],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,456,[456],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,458,[458],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,459,[459],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,460,[460],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,461,[461],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,462,[462],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,463,"[463, 464, 465]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,"[472, 473, 474, 475, 476, 477, 478]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,486,"[486, 487, 488, 489, 490, 491, 492]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,496,"[496, 497, 498, 499]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,507,"[507, 508, 509, 510, 511, 512, 513]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,[517],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,518,[518],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,557,"[557, 558]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_action.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,565,[565],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_misc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_misc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_misc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,[285],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,[286],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,293,[293],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,[305],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,[311],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,326,[326],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,333,[333],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,382,[382],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,390,[390],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,[395],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,396,[396],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,398,[398],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,411,[411],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,417,[417],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,418,[418],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,419,[419],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,426,[426],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,[427],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,433,[433],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,438,[438],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_package_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,444,[444],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_resource_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_revision_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_revision_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_revision_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_revision_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_revision_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_revision_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/api/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,"[95, 96]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,"[100, 101, 102, 103]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,"[122, 123, 124, 125]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,"[126, 127, 128, 129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,"[139, 140, 141]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,"[146, 147, 148]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,"[157, 158, 159]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,"[165, 166, 167, 168, 169, 170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,"[181, 182, 183, 184, 185, 186, 187]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,"[200, 201, 202, 203]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,"[210, 211]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,"[214, 215]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,"[216, 217, 218, 219]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,"[220, 221, 222]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,"[231, 232, 233]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,"[234, 235]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,"[260, 261, 262]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,"[282, 283, 284]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,[289],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,"[290, 291, 292]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,"[300, 301]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,355,"[355, 356]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_admin.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,[359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,"[50, 51]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,"[104, 105]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,"[140, 141]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,"[153, 154, 155]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,"[163, 164]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authorization_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,"[76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,"[313, 314]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,391,[391],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,[399],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,[401],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,403,[403],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,610,[610],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,612,[612],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,628,[628],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_autoneg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,"[24, 25]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,"[28, 29]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,"[31, 32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,"[82, 83]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,"[90, 91, 92]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,"[94, 95, 96]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,"[115, 116, 117]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,"[135, 136, 137]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,"[138, 139]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,"[149, 150, 151]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,"[153, 154, 155]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,11,[11],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,"[14, 15]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,"[19, 20, 21, 22]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,"[65, 66, 67]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,"[86, 87, 88, 89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,"[125, 126, 127]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,"[193, 194, 195, 196]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,"[242, 243]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,"[250, 251, 252]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,"[265, 266]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,"[269, 270, 271]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,"[282, 283]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,"[286, 287, 288]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,[289],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,"[291, 292, 293]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,[305],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,306,[306],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,"[307, 308, 309]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,"[348, 349, 350]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,[359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,360,"[360, 361, 362]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,"[368, 369]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,"[372, 373, 374]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,375,[375],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,376,[376],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,377,[377],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,"[378, 379, 380]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,410,[410],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,411,[411],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,412,[412],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_error.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,"[154, 155]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,"[178, 179, 180]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,[283],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,[284],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,"[285, 286, 287]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,"[295, 296]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,303,[303],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,[314],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,[330],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,[332],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,343,[343],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,351,[351],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,403,[403],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,404,[404],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,405,[405],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,406,[406],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,412,[412],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_group.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,414,[414],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,"[156, 157]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_home.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,"[218, 219, 220]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,"[271, 272, 273, 274, 275]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,277,[277],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,[287],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,[292],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,293,[293],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,[297],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,351,[351],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,360,[360],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,[369],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,381,[381],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,382,[382],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,[383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,391,[391],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,449,[449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,450,[450],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,452,[452],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,[453],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,460,[460],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,461,[461],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,462,[462],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,463,[463],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,464,[464],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,[473],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,474,[474],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,475,[475],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,477,[477],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,478,[478],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,486,[486],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,487,[487],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,488,[488],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,490,[490],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,491,[491],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,512,[512],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,513,[513],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,516,[516],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,[517],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,518,[518],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,520,[520],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,521,[521],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,530,[530],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,531,[531],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,534,[534],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,535,[535],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,536,[536],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,538,[538],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,539,[539],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,548,[548],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,549,[549],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,550,[550],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,553,[553],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,554,[554],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,555,[555],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,557,[557],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,558,[558],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,610,[610],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,622,[622],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,624,[624],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,625,[625],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,633,[633],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,634,"[634, 635]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,656,[656],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,658,[658],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,659,"[659, 660]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,661,[661],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,662,[662],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,672,[672],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,673,[673],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,685,[685],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,687,[687],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,695,[695],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,710,[710],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,712,[712],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,715,[715],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,717,[717],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,718,[718],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,782,"[782, 783, 784]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,796,[796],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,805,[805],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,834,"[834, 835, 836]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,838,[838],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,839,[839],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,840,[840],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,841,"[841, 842, 843, 844, 845]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,846,[846],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,847,[847],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,852,[852],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,853,[853],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,854,[854],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,857,[857],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,861,[861],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,862,"[862, 863]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,875,[875],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,877,[877],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,884,[884],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,885,"[885, 886]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,904,[904],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,913,[913],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,925,[925],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,929,[929],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,937,[937],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,943,[943],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,949,[949],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,950,[950],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,957,[957],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,963,[963],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,974,[974],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,993,[993],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1032,[1032],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1035,"[1035, 1036, 1037]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1039,[1039],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1040,[1040],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1041,[1041],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1044,[1044],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1047,[1047],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1053,[1053],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1058,[1058],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1064,[1064],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1065,[1065],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1071,[1071],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1076,[1076],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1077,[1077],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1084,[1084],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1112,[1112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1115,[1115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1137,"[1137, 1138, 1139]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1141,[1141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1142,[1142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1143,[1143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1144,"[1144, 1145]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1146,[1146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1147,[1147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1152,[1152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1154,[1154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1156,[1156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1160,[1160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1161,"[1161, 1162]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1171,[1171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1174,[1174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1180,[1180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1181,"[1181, 1182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1184,[1184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1189,[1189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1190,[1190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1198,[1198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1208,[1208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1229,[1229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1230,[1230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1251,[1251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1312,[1312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1316,[1316],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1317,[1317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1356,[1356],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1357,[1357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1361,[1361],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1363,[1363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1371,[1371],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1372,[1372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1373,[1373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1374,[1374],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1379,[1379],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1380,[1380],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1381,[1381],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1387,[1387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1394,[1394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1395,[1395],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1452,[1452],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1455,[1455],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1541,[1541],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,"[14, 15]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,"[19, 20, 21, 22]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,"[88, 89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,"[144, 145, 146, 147]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,"[174, 175]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,"[183, 184, 185]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,"[198, 199]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,"[202, 203, 204]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,"[215, 216]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,"[219, 220, 221]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,"[224, 225, 226]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,"[241, 242, 243]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,"[263, 264, 265]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,"[275, 276, 277]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,"[283, 284]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,"[287, 288, 289]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,[292],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,293,"[293, 294, 295]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,[330],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,[331],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_edit_authz.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,[332],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_package_relationships.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,"[187, 188, 189]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,"[195, 196, 197]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_revision.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_search.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,"[49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,"[48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_tag.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,"[99, 100]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'letmein',152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168, 169]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,"[171, 172, 173]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,"[180, 181, 182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,"[186, 187, 188]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,"[191, 192]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'letmein',199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'wrong_password',209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,"[214, 215, 216]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,"[254, 255]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'testpassword',264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,"[292, 293, 294]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,"[300, 301, 302]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,309,"[309, 310]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,[311],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ckan-1.5/ckan/tests/functional/test_user.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
