filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/settings/base.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'secret',6,"[6, 7]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
django-fernet-fields-0.2.1/fernet_fields/test/test_fields.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
