filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
docker-3.5.0/docker/api/client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/docker/auth.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '<token>',13,"[13, 14]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
docker-3.5.0/setup.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/helpers.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
docker-3.5.0/tests/helpers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,"[98, 99, 100, 101]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,"[258, 259]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,"[269, 270]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,[297],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,303,[303],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,[304],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,[330],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,[349],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,370,[370],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,[408],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,409,[409],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,437,"[437, 438]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,443,[443],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,444,[444],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,466,"[466, 467]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,[472],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,"[473, 474, 475]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,499,"[499, 500]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,505,[505],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,506,"[506, 507, 508]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,531,"[531, 532]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,537,[537],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,538,"[538, 539, 540]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,545,[545],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,546,[546],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,"[106, 107]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,"[218, 219]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,[236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,309,[309],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,328,[328],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,[344],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,[347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,[359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,361,[361],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,"[371, 372, 373]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,379,"[378, 379]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,390,[390],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,[401],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,422,[422],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,435,"[435, 436]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,449,[449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,462,[462],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,475,[475],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,476,[476],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,489,[489],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,491,[491],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,501,[501],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,534,[534],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,553,"[553, 554]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,568,[568],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,572,[572],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,587,[587],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,591,[591],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,605,[605],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,607,[607],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,612,[612],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,614,[614],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,615,[615],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,618,[618],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,623,[623],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,625,[625],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,626,[626],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,663,[663],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,675,[675],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,676,[676],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,677,[677],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,678,[678],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,701,[701],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,719,[719],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,720,[720],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,721,[721],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,722,[722],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,730,[730],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,734,[734],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,736,[736],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,738,[738],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,744,[744],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,748,[748],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,749,[749],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,750,[750],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,751,[751],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,752,[752],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,753,[753],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,755,[755],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,756,[756],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,760,[760],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,764,[764],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,765,[765],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,766,[766],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,767,[767],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,768,[768],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,769,[769],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,771,[771],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,772,[772],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,792,[792],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,802,[802],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,804,[804],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,805,[805],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,806,[806],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,807,[807],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,815,[815],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,817,[817],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,818,[818],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,819,[819],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,820,[820],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,835,"[835, 836, 837]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,850,[850],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,852,[852],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,864,[864],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,866,[866],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,881,"[881, 882]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,883,[883],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,902,[902],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,913,[913],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,915,[915],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,926,[926],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,928,[928],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,940,[940],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,942,[942],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,944,[944],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,954,[954],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,957,[957],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,958,[958],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,959,[959],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,967,[967],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,970,[970],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,971,[971],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,972,[972],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,983,[983],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,985,[985],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,986,[986],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,990,[990],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,996,[996],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,998,[998],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,999,[999],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1010,[1010],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1012,[1012],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1013,[1013],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1014,[1014],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1015,[1015],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1024,[1024],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1026,[1026],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1027,[1027],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1028,[1028],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1029,[1029],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1039,[1039],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1041,[1041],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1043,[1043],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1044,[1044],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1045,[1045],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1046,[1046],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1054,[1054],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1056,[1056],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1058,[1058],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1059,[1059],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1060,[1060],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1061,[1061],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1069,[1069],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1071,[1071],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1073,[1073],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1074,[1074],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1075,[1075],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1076,[1076],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1104,[1104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1105,[1105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1121,"[1121, 1122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1124,[1124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1125,[1125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1139,"[1139, 1140, 1141, 1142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1143,[1143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1144,[1144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1154,[1154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1155,[1155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1159,[1159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1160,[1160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1162,[1162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1163,[1163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1164,[1164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1178,[1178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1183,[1183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1184,[1184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1188,[1188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1189,[1189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1191,[1191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1192,[1192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1193,[1193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1206,[1206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1216,[1216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1227,[1227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1244,[1244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1246,[1246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1255,[1255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1273,[1273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1274,[1274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1336,[1336],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1338,[1338],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1339,[1339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1340,[1340],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1341,[1341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1342,[1342],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1343,"[1343, 1344]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1347,[1347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1349,[1349],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1350,[1350],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1351,[1351],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1352,[1352],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1353,[1353],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1354,[1354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1368,[1368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1369,[1369],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1370,[1370],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1383,[1383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1386,[1386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1396,[1396],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1399,[1399],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1416,[1416],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1439,"[1439, 1440, 1441, 1442]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1443,"[1443, 1444, 1445]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1460,[1460],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1472,[1472],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1481,[1481],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1516,"[1516, 1517, 1518]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1523,[1523],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,"[19, 20]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,"[32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,"[45, 46]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,"[58, 59]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,"[71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,"[89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,"[108, 109]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,"[137, 138]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_healthcheck_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,"[23, 24]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,"[179, 180]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,"[194, 195]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,"[209, 210]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,"[227, 228]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,"[247, 248]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,"[265, 266, 267]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,"[304, 305]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,306,[306],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,"[327, 328, 329]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,[331],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,"[332, 333, 334]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,335,"[335, 336]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,[359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,"[26, 27]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,"[29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,"[66, 67]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,"[68, 69]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,"[70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,"[100, 101]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,"[104, 105, 106, 107]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,"[113, 114]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,"[127, 128]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,"[131, 132, 133]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,"[136, 137]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,"[172, 173, 174]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,"[228, 229]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,"[254, 255]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,"[294, 295, 296, 297]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,"[327, 328, 329, 330]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,403,[403],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,404,[404],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,405,"[405, 406]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,428,[428],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,432,[432],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,435,[435],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,439,[439],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,443,[443],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,449,[449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,[453],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,456,[456],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,457,[457],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,465,[465],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,466,[466],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,[473],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,474,[474],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,"[97, 98]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,"[140, 141, 142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_plugin_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'favorite_character',42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'favorite_character',53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'favorite_character',64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_secret_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,"[73, 74]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,"[212, 213]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,"[252, 253]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,328,[328],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,[330],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,[331],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,[332],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,333,[333],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,334,[334],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,[348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,[349],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,[369],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,370,"[370, 371]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,[383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,384,"[384, 385]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,[399],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,412,[412],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,[427],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,428,[428],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,446,[446],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,447,[447],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,449,[449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,450,[450],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,452,[452],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,[453],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,457,[457],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,[472],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,474,[474],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,475,[475],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,476,[476],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,477,[477],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,489,[489],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,490,[490],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,492,[492],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,493,[493],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,507,[507],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,509,[509],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,510,[510],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,511,[511],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,524,[524],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,525,[525],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,527,[527],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,528,[528],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,541,[541],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,542,[542],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,544,[544],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,545,[545],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,557,[557],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,558,[558],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,571,[571],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,572,[572],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,573,[573],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,584,[584],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,585,[585],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,586,[586],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,593,[593],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,594,[594],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'favorite_touhou',598,[598],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,610,[610],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,612,"[612, 613]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,615,[615],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,619,[619],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'favorite_touhou',623,[623],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '東方花映塚',624,[624],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,635,[635],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,637,"[637, 638]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,640,[640],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,646,[646],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,662,[662],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,664,"[664, 665]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,667,[667],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,671,[671],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,687,[687],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,689,"[689, 690]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,692,[692],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,698,[698],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,712,[712],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,714,[714],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,715,[715],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,716,[716],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,727,[727],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,728,"[728, 729, 730]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,742,[742],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,744,[744],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,745,[745],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,746,[746],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,761,[761],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,762,"[762, 763, 764]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,781,"[781, 782, 783]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,784,"[784, 785, 786]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,798,"[798, 799, 800]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,801,[801],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,812,"[812, 813, 814]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,815,"[815, 816, 817]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,830,"[830, 831, 832]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,836,[836],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,847,[847],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,848,[848],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,857,[857],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,858,[858],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,859,[859],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,872,[872],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,873,[873],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,874,[874],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,884,[884],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,885,[885],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,886,[886],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,887,[887],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,900,[900],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,901,[901],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,902,[902],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,903,[903],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,912,[912],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,913,[913],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,914,[914],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,915,[915],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,916,[916],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,929,[929],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,930,[930],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,931,[931],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,933,[933],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,942,[942],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,943,[943],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,944,[944],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,945,[945],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,947,"[947, 948]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,958,[958],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,959,[959],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,960,[960],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,961,[961],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,963,[963],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,976,[976],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,978,[978],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,979,[979],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,980,[980],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,989,[989],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,990,[990],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,992,[992],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,993,[993],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,994,[994],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1014,[1014],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1015,"[1015, 1016, 1017, 1018]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1027,[1027],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1028,[1028],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1029,"[1029, 1030, 1031, 1032]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1038,[1038],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1039,"[1039, 1040]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1060,[1060],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1061,[1061],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1063,[1063],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1064,[1064],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1066,[1066],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1067,[1067],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1071,"[1071, 1072]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1082,"[1082, 1083]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1087,[1087],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1088,[1088],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1090,[1090],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1091,[1091],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1093,[1093],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1094,[1094],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1098,[1098],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1114,"[1114, 1115, 1116]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1117,"[1117, 1118, 1119, 1120, 1121]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1134,[1134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1136,"[1136, 1137, 1138]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1151,[1151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1152,[1152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1153,[1153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1161,[1161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1162,[1162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1175,[1175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1176,[1176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1177,[1177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1179,[1179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1192,[1192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1193,[1193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1194,[1194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1196,[1196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1219,[1219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1220,[1220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1221,"[1221, 1222]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1233,[1233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1234,[1234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1235,"[1235, 1236]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1239,"[1239, 1240]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1247,[1247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1249,[1249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1250,[1250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1251,[1251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1252,[1252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1253,[1253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1254,[1254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1255,"[1255, 1256]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1269,[1269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1270,[1270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_service_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1271,[1271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,"[63, 64, 65]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,"[66, 67]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,"[73, 74]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,"[78, 79, 80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,"[93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,"[117, 118, 119, 120]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,"[123, 124, 125, 126]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,"[128, 129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,"[131, 132, 133, 134]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,"[135, 136, 137]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,"[148, 149]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,"[183, 184, 185]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,"[202, 203]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/base.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,"[14, 15, 16]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,"[177, 178]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,"[182, 183]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,"[195, 196]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,"[220, 221, 222]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,[284],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,308,[308],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,[314],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,326,[326],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,[332],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,335,[335],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,[342],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,343,[343],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,350,[350],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,[353],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,360,[360],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,"[29, 30, 31]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,"[126, 127]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,"[30, 31, 32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,"[34, 35, 36, 37]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,"[38, 39, 40, 41]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43, 44, 45]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_nodes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_nodes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,"[21, 22]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_nodes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_nodes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_nodes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,"[26, 27]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_nodes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_nodes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_resources_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_resources_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,"[98, 99]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,"[229, 230]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,"[251, 252]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,"[289, 290, 291, 292, 293, 294, 295, 296]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,"[311, 312, 313, 314, 315, 316, 317, 318]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,[320],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,333,[333],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,335,[335],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,"[30, 31, 32]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_volumes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_volumes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_volumes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,"[16, 17]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_volumes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_volumes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_volumes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_volumes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,"[27, 28]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/models_volumes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/regression_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/regression_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/regression_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/regression_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58, 59]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/regression_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,"[60, 61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/integration/regression_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,"[63, 64, 65]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,"[41, 42]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,69,"[68, 69, 70, 71]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,80,"[79, 80]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,"[137, 138, 139, 140, 141, 142, 143]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,"[154, 155, 156, 157, 158, 159, 160, 161, 162]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,"[173, 174, 175, 176, 177, 178, 179, 180, 181]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,"[190, 191, 192, 193, 194, 195, 196, 197, 198, 199, 200, 201, 202]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,"[211, 212, 213, 214, 215, 216, 217, 218, 219]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,"[230, 231]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,"[232, 233, 234, 235, 236, 237, 238, 239, 240, 241, 242, 243]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,"[254, 255]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,"[256, 257, 258, 259, 260, 261, 262, 263, 264, 265, 266, 267]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,"[278, 279]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,"[280, 281, 282, 283, 284, 285, 286, 287, 288, 289, 290, 291]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,[292],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,302,[302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,[304],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,[305],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,306,[306],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,"[314, 315, 316, 317, 318, 319, 320, 321, 322]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,[323],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,"[330, 331, 332, 333, 334, 335, 336]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,337,[337],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,[344],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,"[345, 346, 347, 348, 349, 350, 351]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,352,[352],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,[353],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,375,[375],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,[408],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,432,[432],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,433,[433],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,434,[434],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,444,[444],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,450,[450],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,451,[451],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,452,[452],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,456,"[456, 457]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,468,[468],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,471,[471],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,[472],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,[473],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,474,[474],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,478,"[478, 479]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,490,[490],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,493,[493],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,494,[494],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,495,[495],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,496,[496],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,500,"[500, 501]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,512,[512],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,515,[515],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,516,[516],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,[517],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,518,[518],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,523,[523],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,538,"[537, 538, 539]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,539,"[537, 538, 539]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,545,[545],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,549,"[548, 549, 550]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,550,"[548, 549, 550]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,552,[552],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,553,[553],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,554,[554],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,573,[573],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,576,[576],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,577,[577],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,578,[578],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,579,[579],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,580,[580],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,581,[581],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,582,[582],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,583,"[583, 584, 585]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,586,"[586, 587, 588]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,589,"[589, 590, 591]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,592,"[592, 593, 594]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,595,[595],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,596,[596],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,597,[597],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,609,[609],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,611,[611],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,624,[624],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,629,[629],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,630,[630],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,646,[646],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,652,[652],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,653,[653],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,666,[666],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,671,[671],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,672,[672],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,684,[684],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,685,[685],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,686,[686],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,687,[687],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,700,"[700, 701]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,707,"[707, 708]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,709,[709],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,710,[710],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,719,[719],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,723,[723],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,724,[724],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,725,[725],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,734,[734],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,738,[738],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,739,[739],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,740,[740],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,752,[752],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,766,[766],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,767,[767],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,768,[768],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,782,[782],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,783,[783],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,784,[784],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,785,[785],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,803,[803],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,804,[804],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,805,[805],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,806,[806],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,823,[823],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,828,[828],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,829,[829],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,830,[830],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,837,[837],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,838,"[838, 839, 840, 841, 842, 843, 844, 845, 846]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,847,[847],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,864,"[864, 865, 866, 867, 868, 869, 870, 871, 872, 873, 874, 875, 876, 877, 878, 879]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,887,"[886, 887, 888]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,894,[894],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,898,"[897, 898, 899]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,901,[901],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,902,[902],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,903,[903],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,911,"[910, 911, 912]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,918,[918],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,922,"[921, 922, 923]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,925,[925],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,926,[926],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,927,[927],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,942,[942],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,948,[948],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,949,[949],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,950,[950],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,967,[967],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,968,[968],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,981,"[981, 982]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,983,"[983, 984, 985, 986, 987, 988, 989, 990, 991, 992, 993, 994, 995, 996]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,997,[997],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1079,[1079],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1095,[1095],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1221,[1221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1405,[1405],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1444,[1444],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1445,"[1445, 1446, 1447]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_container_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1448,[1448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,"[14, 15, 16, 17]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,"[18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36, 37, 38]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,"[39, 40, 41, 42, 43]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,"[44, 45, 46, 47]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55, 56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,"[58, 59, 60, 61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,"[63, 64]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_exec_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,"[71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70, 71]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_image_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,"[37, 38]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,"[40, 41]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,"[44, 45]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,"[63, 64]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,"[65, 66]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,"[73, 74, 75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,"[142, 143, 144, 145]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,"[146, 147, 148, 149, 150]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,"[164, 165, 166]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_network_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,"[131, 132, 133]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,"[137, 138]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,"[142, 143, 144, 145]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,"[147, 148]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,"[150, 151]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,"[220, 221, 222]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,"[224, 225, 226, 227, 228, 229]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,[305],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,326,[326],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,"[346, 347, 348]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,352,"[352, 353, 354]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,"[359, 360, 361]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,426,[426],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,464,"[464, 465]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,519,[519],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,538,[538],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,541,[541],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,547,[547],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,549,[549],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,572,[572],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,582,[582],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,583,[583],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,592,[592],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,593,[593],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,"[27, 28]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,"[49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/api_volume_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,"[34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,"[39, 40]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,"[44, 45]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,"[49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,"[64, 65]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70, 71]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,"[89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119, 120]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,"[123, 124, 125]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,"[128, 129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,"[133, 134, 135]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,"[138, 139, 140]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,"[143, 144, 145]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,"[148, 149, 150]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,"[153, 154, 155]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,"[158, 159, 160]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,"[163, 164, 165]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,"[168, 169, 170]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,"[173, 174, 175]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,"[179, 180, 181]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,"[185, 186, 187]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,"[191, 192, 193]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,"[197, 198, 199]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,"[203, 204, 205]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,"[209, 210, 211]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,"[222, 223, 224]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,"[237, 238, 239]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,"[240, 241, 242]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,"[243, 244, 245]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,"[254, 255, 256]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,"[257, 258, 259]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,"[270, 271, 272]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,"[273, 274, 275]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,[283],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,[314],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,[315],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,[320],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,337,[337],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,338,[338],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,[340],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,341,[341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,[342],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,350,[350],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,[369],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,370,[370],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,391,[391],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,[395],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,396,[396],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,[420],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,422,[422],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,423,[423],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,424,[424],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,449,[449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,451,[451],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,452,[452],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,[453],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,454,[454],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,467,[467],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,482,[482],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '1ce1cebb-503e-7043-11aa-7feb8bd4a1ce',487,[487],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,503,[503],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,505,[505],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/auth_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,506,[506],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/client_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,277,[277],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,[286],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,[287],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,"[298, 299]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,"[310, 311, 312, 313, 314, 315, 316]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,324,[324],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,326,[326],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,[330],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,[331],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,[332],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,[340],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,341,[341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,[342],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,[346],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,[347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,[348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,[359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,360,[360],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,370,[370],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,[371],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,376,[376],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,377,[377],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,[378],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,393,[393],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,[401],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,402,[402],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,"[408, 409, 410, 411]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,417,"[417, 418, 419, 420]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,426,"[426, 427, 428, 429, 430]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,"[442, 443, 444, 445, 446]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,457,"[457, 458, 459, 460, 461, 462, 463]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,464,"[464, 465, 466, 467, 468, 469]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,470,"[470, 471, 472, 473, 474, 475]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/dockertypes_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,476,[476],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/errors_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/fake_api.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,487,"[483, 484, 485, 486, 487, 488, 489]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,"[17, 18]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,[323],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,[345],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,[346],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,360,[360],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,361,[361],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,[374],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,381,[381],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,[401],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,402,[402],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,455,[455],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,466,[466],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,"[88, 89]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,"[98, 99]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,"[103, 104]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_images_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,"[14, 15, 16]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,"[29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,"[33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,"[46, 47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,"[55, 56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_networks_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_resources_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_resources_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_resources_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,"[20, 21]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_resources_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,"[24, 25]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_resources_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43, 44, 45]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,"[46, 47, 48, 49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,"[51, 52, 53, 54]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/models_services_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/ssladapter_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,"[26, 27]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/ssladapter_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/ssladapter_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/ssladapter_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/ssladapter_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/ssladapter_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,"[24, 25, 26]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'A_BEAUTIFUL_JOIN_TOKEN',34,"[34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'A_BEAUTIFUL_JOIN_TOKEN',57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/swarm_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/types_containers_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6,[6],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,"[93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103, 104, 105]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,"[106, 107, 108, 109, 110]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,"[111, 112, 113]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,"[126, 127]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,"[133, 134]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,"[138, 139]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,"[143, 144]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,"[148, 149, 150]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,"[155, 156]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,"[160, 161]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,"[165, 166]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,"[176, 177, 178, 179]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,"[182, 183]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,"[187, 188]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,"[192, 193]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,"[197, 198]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,"[202, 203, 204, 205]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,"[210, 211, 212, 213]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,"[218, 219, 220, 221]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,"[226, 227, 228]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,"[236, 237, 238]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,"[243, 244, 245]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,"[250, 251]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,"[258, 259]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,"[263, 264, 265, 266, 267, 268]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,"[269, 270]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,"[274, 275, 276, 277, 278]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,"[283, 284, 285, 286, 287, 288, 289, 290, 291, 292, 293, 294, 295]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,"[300, 301, 302, 303]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,"[311, 312, 313, 314]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,324,"[324, 325, 326, 327]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,"[340, 341, 342, 343]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,391,[391],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,set_bad_file_permissions,B103,HIGH,HIGH,Chmod setting a permissive mask 0o222 on file (full_path).,412,[412],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b103_set_bad_file_permissions.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,416,"[416, 417]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,430,[430],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,441,[441],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,[453],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,466,[466],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,477,[477],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,478,[478],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,491,[491],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,492,[492],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_build_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,493,[493],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,"[93, 94, 95]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_config_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_json_stream_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_json_stream_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_json_stream_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_json_stream_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_json_stream_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_json_stream_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,"[44, 45, 46, 47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_json_stream_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58, 59, 60, 61]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,"[49, 50, 51, 52]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60, 61]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,[236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,271,"[270, 271, 272, 273, 274]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,[304],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,[311],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,334,[334],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,337,[337],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,[340],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,343,[343],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,[346],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,"[349, 350]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,"[354, 355]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,"[359, 360, 361]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,"[371, 372, 373, 374]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,"[379, 380, 381, 382]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,"[387, 388, 389, 390]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,"[395, 396, 397, 398]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,411,"[411, 412, 413, 414, 415]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,416,"[416, 417, 418, 419]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,426,[426],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,[427],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,[442],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,457,[457],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,467,[467],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,[472],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,476,[476],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,482,[482],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,483,[483],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,487,[487],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,488,[488],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,492,[492],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,493,[493],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,497,[497],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,498,[498],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,502,[502],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,503,[503],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,507,[507],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,508,[508],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,512,[512],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,513,[513],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,[517],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,518,[518],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,522,[522],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,523,[523],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,528,[528],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,529,[529],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,534,[534],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,535,[535],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,566,[566],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,570,[570],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,575,"[575, 576]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,582,[582],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,583,[583],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,587,[587],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,588,[588],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,593,"[593, 594, 595]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,596,"[596, 597]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,603,[603],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,604,[604],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,612,[612],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
docker-3.5.0/tests/unit/utils_test.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,619,[619],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
