filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
flashfocus-1.1.2/flashfocus/config.py,yaml_load,B506,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/flashfocus/syspaths.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/helpers.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/helpers.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/helpers.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/helpers.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,"[70, 71]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,"[196, 197, 198]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,"[219, 220, 221]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_config.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_flasher.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_flasher.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_flasher.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_flasher.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_producer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,"[21, 22, 23]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_producer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_producer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,"[103, 104, 105, 106]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_rule.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,"[109, 110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,"[43, 44]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,"[70, 71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_sockets.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_sockets.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_syspaths.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_syspaths.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_syspaths.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_ui.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,11,[11],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_xutil.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
flashfocus-1.1.2/test/test_xutil.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
