filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/appserver/server.py,blacklist,B307,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of possibly insecure function - consider using safer ast.literal_eval.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b307-eval
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/constraint.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/constraint.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/logging/filter.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,3,[3],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/logging/filter.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/observer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/promise.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,"[165, 166]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/bool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/bool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/bool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/bool.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/decimal_slicer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/decimal_slicer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/decimal_slicer.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/unicode.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/unicode.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/unicode.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/vocab.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/vocab.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/vocab.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/vocab.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/vocab.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/vocab.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/vocab.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/slicers/vocab.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/sslverify.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/sslverify.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/sslverify.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,598,[598],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/sslverify.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,605,"[605, 606, 607]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with whichmodule module.,21,"[21, 22]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,[304],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,338,[338],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/stringchain.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,"[65, 66, 67]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/stringchain.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,"[105, 106, 107]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/stringchain.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/stringchain.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/stringchain.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/stringchain.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,"[182, 183]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/stringchain.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,"[184, 185]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/stringchain.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,"[186, 187]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/stringchain.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,"[188, 189]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/test/apphelper.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/test/test_negotiate.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,747,[747],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/test/test_negotiate.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,939,[939],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/test/test_reconnector.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/test/test_reconnector.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
foolscap-0.6.5/foolscap/test/test_stringchain.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
