filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/compat.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/options.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,"[323, 324, 325]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/routing.py,blacklist,B307,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of possibly insecure function - consider using safer ast.literal_eval.,494,[494],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b307-eval
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,505,"[505, 506, 507, 508, 509, 510]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_cookie.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_cookie.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_cookie.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_cookie.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_cookie.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,"[178, 179]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,"[180, 181]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,[305],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,[311],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,326,[326],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,336,[336],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,[340],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,[353],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,[379],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,398,[398],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,[400],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,416,[416],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,419,[419],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,433,[433],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,434,[434],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,438,[438],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,439,[439],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,447,[447],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,478,[478],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,479,[479],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,521,[521],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,522,[522],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,533,[533],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,535,[535],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,555,[555],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,556,[556],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,557,[557],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,573,[573],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,574,[574],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,585,[585],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,586,[586],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,588,[588],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,605,[605],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,608,[608],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,622,"[622, 623]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,642,[642],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,643,[643],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,653,[653],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,666,[666],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,667,[667],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,668,[668],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,686,[686],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,694,[694],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,726,[726],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,728,[728],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,733,[733],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,734,[734],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,735,[735],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,736,[736],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,737,[737],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,738,[738],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,742,[742],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,743,[743],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,744,[744],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,748,[748],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,749,[749],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,754,[754],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,755,[755],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,760,[760],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,764,[764],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,770,[770],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,777,[777],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,784,[784],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,799,[799],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,819,[819],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,847,[847],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,860,[860],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,861,"[861, 862]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,874,[874],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,884,"[884, 885]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,891,"[891, 892]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,899,[899],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,908,[908],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,915,"[915, 916]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,923,[923],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,931,[931],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,932,[932],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,941,[941],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,"[36, 37]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,"[51, 52]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,"[81, 82]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,"[119, 120]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_decorators.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_exceptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_exceptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_exceptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_exceptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_middleware.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_middleware.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_middleware.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_middleware.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_middleware.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,"[181, 182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,"[188, 189]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,"[195, 196]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_multidict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_options.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,"[136, 137]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,"[187, 188]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,"[192, 193]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,"[197, 198]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,"[202, 203]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,"[234, 235]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,"[243, 244]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,"[260, 261]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,"[273, 274]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,"[278, 279]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,"[283, 284]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,"[288, 289]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,302,[302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,306,[306],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,338,[338],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,[348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,355,"[355, 356]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_requestcontext.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_requestcontext.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_requestcontext.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,"[79, 80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_requestcontext.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_requestcontext.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_requestcontext.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,"[97, 98]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,"[128, 129]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,"[131, 132]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,"[151, 152]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,"[166, 167]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_response.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routeargs.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,"[198, 199]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,309,[309],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,"[330, 331, 332, 333, 334]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,[378],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,"[383, 384]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,"[397, 398]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,418,"[418, 419]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,"[425, 426]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,462,[462],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,468,"[468, 469]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,478,[478],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,495,[495],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,509,[509],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,530,[530],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,531,[531],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,555,[555],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,556,[556],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,566,"[566, 567]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,581,[581],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,598,[598],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,618,[618],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,634,[634],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,646,[646],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,657,[657],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,670,[670],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,678,[678],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,694,[694],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,701,"[701, 702]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,706,"[706, 707]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,712,"[712, 713]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,717,"[717, 718, 719, 720, 721, 722]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,729,"[729, 730]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,734,"[734, 735]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,739,"[739, 740]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,745,"[745, 746, 747, 748, 749, 750, 751]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,761,[761],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,765,[765],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,775,"[775, 776, 777]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,787,"[787, 788, 789]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,801,"[801, 802, 803]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,821,[821],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,828,"[828, 829]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,830,[830],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,831,"[831, 832]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,833,[833],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,834,[834],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,835,[835],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,836,"[836, 837, 838]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,839,"[839, 840, 841]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_routing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,842,[842],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,"[68, 69, 70]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,"[73, 74, 75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,"[149, 150]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,"[219, 220]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,"[26, 27]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,"[31, 32]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,"[33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,"[37, 38]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,"[50, 51]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,"[65, 66]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_wsgi.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_wsgi.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_wsgi.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_wsgi.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_wsgi.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_wsgi.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/tests/util/test_wsgi.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
fresco-0.5.4/fresco/util/http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,"[392, 393, 394]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
