filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/api_base_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/api_base_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/api_base_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/api_base_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,[346],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/api_base_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,443,[443],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/api_base_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,540,[540],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/api_base_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,625,[625],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/apiproxy_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78, 79]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/apiproxy_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/app_identity/app_identity_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/app_identity/app_identity_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/app_identity/app_identity_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/app_identity/app_identity_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,459,[459],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/app_identity/app_identity_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,585,[585],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/app_identity/app_identity_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,748,[748],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/app_identity/app_identity_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,897,[897],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/app_identity/app_identity_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1008,[1008],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/blobstore/blobstore_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/blobstore/blobstore_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/blobstore/blobstore_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/blobstore/blobstore_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,337,[337],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/blobstore/blobstore_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,469,[469],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/blobstore/blobstore_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,616,[616],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/blobstore/blobstore_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,716,[716],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/blobstore/blobstore_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,819,[819],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/capabilities/capability_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/capabilities/capability_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,[287],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/channel/channel_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/channel/channel_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/channel/channel_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/channel/channel_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,340,[340],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/channel/channel_service_stub.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/datastore_entities.py,blacklist,B406,LOW,HIGH,"Using saxutils to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace saxutils with the equivalent defusedxml package, or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called.",40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b406-import-xml-sax
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/datastore_entities.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/datastore_entities.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,342,[342],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,469,[469],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,562,[562],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,747,[747],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,944,[944],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1131,[1131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1321,[1321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1414,[1414],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1518,[1518],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1671,[1671],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1888,[1888],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2018,[2018],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2181,[2181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2309,[2309],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2417,[2417],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2550,[2550],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2628,[2628],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2713,[2713],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2821,[2821],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2968,[2968],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3112,[3112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3293,[3293],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3448,[3448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3639,[3639],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3817,[3817],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3895,[3895],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4004,[4004],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/file_service_stub.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/shuffle_types_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/shuffle_types_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/files/shuffle_types_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,[314],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,634,[634],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,765,[765],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,889,[889],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1046,[1046],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1246,[1246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1441,[1441],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1674,[1674],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1878,[1878],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2053,[2053],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2156,[2156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2297,[2297],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2448,[2448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2556,[2556],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/images/images_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2655,[2655],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/logservice/log_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/logservice/log_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/mail_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/mail_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/mail_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/__init__.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/__init__.py,blacklist,B303,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Use of insecure MD2, MD4, MD5, or SHA1 hash function.",162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b303-md5
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,"[250, 251]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,582,"[582, 583]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,588,[588],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,796,"[796, 797, 798]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1074,"[1074, 1075]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,[323],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,551,[551],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,703,[703],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,916,[916],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1154,[1154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1348,[1348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1465,[1465],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1601,[1601],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1776,[1776],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1988,[1988],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2240,[2240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2392,[2392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2552,[2552],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2670,[2670],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2759,[2759],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2844,[2844],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3022,[3022],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3246,[3246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3386,[3386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3547,[3547],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3646,[3646],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,"[63, 64]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/memcache/memcache_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/error_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,498,[498],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,591,[591],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,700,[700],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,853,[853],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1101,[1101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1278,[1278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1419,[1419],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1552,[1552],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1752,[1752],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/prospective_search/prospective_search_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1980,[1980],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/rdbms_mysqldb.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,36,"[36, 37, 38, 39, 40]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/system/system_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/system/system_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/system/system_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,376,[376],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/system/system_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,482,[482],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/system/system_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,599,[599],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/system/system_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,677,[677],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,[408],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,525,[525],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,647,[647],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,740,[740],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,857,[857],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1200,[1200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1615,[1615],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1711,[1711],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1837,[1837],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1936,[1936],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2081,[2081],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2227,[2227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2359,[2359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2506,[2506],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2755,[2755],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3059,[3059],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3152,[3152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3440,[3440],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3727,[3727],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3899,[3899],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4094,[4094],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4295,[4295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4424,[4424],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4571,[4571],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4702,[4702],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4795,[4795],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4899,[4899],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4992,[4992],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5101,[5101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5179,[5179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5264,[5264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5402,[5402],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5597,[5597],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5714,[5714],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5861,[5861],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6241,[6241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6586,[6586],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6790,[6790],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6927,[6927],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7050,[7050],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7173,[7173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7302,[7302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7492,[7492],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/taskqueue/taskqueue_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7628,[7628],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/urlfetch_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/urlfetch_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/urlfetch_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/urlfetch_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,617,[617],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/urlfetch_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,856,[856],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,415,[415],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,533,[533],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,632,[632],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,786,[786],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,957,[957],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1035,[1035],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1164,[1164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1306,[1306],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1405,[1405],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/user_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1504,[1504],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/xmpp/xmpp_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/xmpp/xmpp_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/xmpp/xmpp_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/xmpp/xmpp_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,484,[484],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/xmpp/xmpp_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,683,[683],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/xmpp/xmpp_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,845,[845],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/xmpp/xmpp_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1006,[1006],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/xmpp/xmpp_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1099,[1099],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/api/xmpp/xmpp_service_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1203,[1203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/base/capabilities_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/base/capabilities_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_index.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_index.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_index.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,"[401, 402, 403]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_index.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,424,[424],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_index.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,445,[445],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,412,[412],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,855,[855],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1534,[1534],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1769,[1769],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1927,[1927],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2144,[2144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2447,[2447],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2607,[2607],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2771,[2771],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2993,[2993],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3225,[3225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3356,[3356],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3449,[3449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3608,[3608],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3844,[3844],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4028,[4028],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4115,[4115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4312,[4312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4568,[4568],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4726,[4726],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4880,[4880],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5052,[5052],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5255,[5255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5398,[5398],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5674,[5674],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5989,[5989],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6181,[6181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6341,[6341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6494,[6494],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6640,[6640],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6801,[6801],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6926,[6926],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7049,[7049],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7179,[7179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7257,[7257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/datastore_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7363,[7363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,[395],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,614,[614],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,850,[850],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1219,[1219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1441,[1441],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1556,[1556],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1698,[1698],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1939,[1939],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2268,[2268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2563,[2563],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2717,[2717],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2846,[2846],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/datastore/entity_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3063,[3063],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/appstats/datamodel_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/appstats/datamodel_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/appstats/datamodel_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/appstats/datamodel_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,672,[672],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/appstats/datamodel_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1146,[1146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/appstats/sample_appengine_config.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/bulkload/bulkload_deprecated.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/bulkload/bulkload_deprecated.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,"[152, 153, 154, 155]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/bulkload/bulkload_deprecated.py,blacklist,B412,HIGH,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with wsgiref.handlers.CGIHandler module.,374,[374],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b412-import-httpoxy
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/bulkload/simplexml_connector.py,blacklist,B405,LOW,HIGH,"Using ElementTree to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace ElementTree with the equivalent defusedxml package, or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called.",43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b405-import-xml-etree
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/bulkload/simplexml_connector.py,blacklist,B406,LOW,HIGH,"Using saxutils to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace saxutils with the equivalent defusedxml package, or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called.",47,"[47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b406-import-xml-sax
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/bulkload/simplexml_connector.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/bulkload/transform.py,blacklist,B306,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of insecure and deprecated function (mktemp).,350,[350],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b306-mktemp-q
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/datastore_admin/utils.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/db/polymodel.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,385,[385],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/ereporter/report_generator.py,blacklist,B406,LOW,HIGH,"Using saxutils to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace saxutils with the equivalent defusedxml package, or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called.",51,"[51, 52]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b406-import-xml-sax
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/key_range/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/key_range/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/key_range/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/key_range/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/key_range/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/key_range/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,472,[472],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/key_range/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,[473],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/key_range/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,478,[478],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/key_range/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,479,[479],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/mapreduce/mapreduce_pipeline.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/mapreduce/model.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,700,"[700, 701, 702, 703]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/preload/__init__.py,blacklist,B402,HIGH,HIGH,A FTP-related module is being imported.  FTP is considered insecure. Use SSH/SFTP/SCP or some other encrypted protocol.,107,"[107, 108]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b402-import-ftplib
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/preload/__init__.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/preload/__init__.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickletools module.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/preload/__init__.py,blacklist,B401,HIGH,HIGH,A telnet-related module is being imported.  Telnet is considered insecure. Use SSH or some other encrypted protocol.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b401-import-telnetlib
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/preload/__init__.py,blacklist,B406,LOW,HIGH,"Using xml.sax to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace xml.sax with the equivalent defusedxml package, or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called.",235,"[235, 236]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b406-import-xml-sax
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/preload/__init__.py,blacklist,B411,HIGH,HIGH,Using xmlrpclib to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Use defused.xmlrpc.monkey_patch() function to monkey-patch xmlrpclib and mitigate XML vulnerabilities.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b411-import-xmlrpclib
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,[420],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,590,[590],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_pb.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,741,[741],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,"[242, 243]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,"[245, 246]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,"[304, 305, 306, 307]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,blacklist,B303,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Use of insecure MD2, MD4, MD5, or SHA1 hash function.",329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b303-md5
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,[348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,[371],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,380,"[380, 381]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,393,"[393, 394]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,"[420, 421]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,454,"[454, 455]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,491,[491],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/ext/remote_api/remote_api_stub.py,yaml_load,B506,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,498,[498],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/tools/dev_appserver_login.py,blacklist,B303,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Use of insecure MD2, MD4, MD5, or SHA1 hash function.",96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b303-md5
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/tools/dev_appserver_oauth.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '/_ah/OAuthGetRequestToken',29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/tools/dev_appserver_oauth.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '/_ah/OAuthAuthorizeToken',30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/tools/dev_appserver_oauth.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '/_ah/OAuthGetAccessToken',31,"[31, 32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/tools/dev_appserver_oauth.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,"Possible hardcoded password: '<html>
<head>
  <title>OAuth Access Request</title>
</head>
<body>

<form method=""POST"">
  <div style=""width: 20em; margin: 1em auto;
              text-align: left;
              padding: 0 2em 1.25em 2em;
              background-color: #d6e9f8;
              font: 13px sans-serif;
              border: 2px solid #67a7e3"">
    <h3>OAuth Access Request</h3>
    <input type=""hidden"" name=""oauth_callback"" value=""%(oauth_callback)s""/>
    <p style=""margin-left: 3em;"">
      <input name=""action"" type=""submit"" value=""Grant Access""/>
    </p>
  </div>
</form>

</body>
</html>
'",66,"[43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/tools/dev_appserver_oauth.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,"Possible hardcoded password: '<html>
<head>
  <title>OAuth Access Granted</title>
</head>
<body>

<div style=""width: 20em; margin: 1em auto;
            text-align: left;
            padding: 0 2em 1.25em 2em;
            background-color: #d6e9f8;
            font: 13px sans-serif;
            border: 2px solid #67a7e3"">
  <h3>OAuth Access Granted</h3>
</div>

</body>
</html>
'",86,"[69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/appengine/tools/dev_appserver_upload.py,blacklist,B303,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Use of insecure MD2, MD4, MD5, or SHA1 hash function.",94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b303-md5
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto/RawMessage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto/message_set.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,"[282, 283]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/decoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/decoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,409,[409],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/decoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/decoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,493,[493],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,[283],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,647,[647],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,671,[671],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,692,[692],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
google-appengine-1.5.1/google/net/proto2/python/internal/encoder.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,713,[713],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
