filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
guillotina-4.5.7/_cockroach-split-ranges.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/_cockroach-split-ranges.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/api/registry.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/api/registry.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/api/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/api/storage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/commands/__init__.py,yaml_load,B506,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/commands/__init__.py,yaml_load,B506,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/commands/create.py,blacklist,B322,HIGH,HIGH,"The input method in Python 2 will read from standard input, evaluate and run the resulting string as python source code. This is similar, though in many ways worse, then using eval. On Python 2, use raw_input instead, input is safe in Python 3.",61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b322-input
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/commands/server.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/component/_compat.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,19,"[19, 20]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/component/tests/test__declaration.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/component/tests/test__declaration.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/component/tests/test__declaration.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/component/tests/test_globalregistry.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/component/tests/test_globalregistry.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/configure/__init__.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,485,[485],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/reader.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,1,"[1, 2, 3]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/reader.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",5,[5],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/cockroach.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,35,"[20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/cockroach.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,35,"[20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/cockroach.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,55,"[46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/cockroach.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/cockroach.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/cockroach.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/cockroach.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,"[165, 166]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/dummy.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,10,"[10, 11, 12]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/dummy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/dummy.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/dummy.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,35,"[34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,41,"[40, 41]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,48,"[47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,54,"[53, 54]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,60,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,66,"[65, 66]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,73,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,82,"[80, 81, 82]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,111,"[96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107, 108, 109, 110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,111,"[96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107, 108, 109, 110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,134,"[126, 127, 128, 129, 130, 131, 132, 133, 134]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,172,"[171, 172]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,181,"[178, 179, 180, 181]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,189,"[187, 188, 189]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,196,"[194, 195, 196]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,201,"[200, 201]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,220,"[216, 217, 218, 219, 220]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,225,"[224, 225]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,229,"[228, 229]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,236,"[233, 234, 235, 236]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,597,[597],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,635,[635],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/storages/pg.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,700,"[700, 701]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/transaction.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/db/writer.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,1,"[1, 2]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/factory/app.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module RSA are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module AES are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,5,[5],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module PKCS1_OAEP are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,6,[6],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module HMAC are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module SHA256 are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module SHA384 are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module SHA512 are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module RSA are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,11,[11],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module get_random_bytes are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module PKCS1_v1_5 are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/jose.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/schema/tests/test_equality.py,blacklist,B307,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of possibly insecure function - consider using safer ast.literal_eval.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b307-eval
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/schema/tests/test_equality.py,blacklist,B307,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of possibly insecure function - consider using safer ast.literal_eval.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b307-eval
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/fixtures.py,hardcoded_password_default,B107,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '',52,"[52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b107_hardcoded_password_default.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_adapters.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_annotations.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,"[179, 180]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,"[235, 236]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,"[248, 249, 250]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,[315],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,[346],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,[379],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,380,[380],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,393,[393],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,[395],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,[408],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,409,[409],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,417,[417],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,438,[438],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,439,[439],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,457,[457],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,458,[458],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,470,"[470, 471]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,479,[479],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,487,[487],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,491,[491],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,508,[508],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,514,[514],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,522,[522],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,523,[523],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,561,[561],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,563,"[563, 564, 565]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,576,[576],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,578,[578],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,596,"[596, 597]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,607,[607],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,608,[608],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,609,"[609, 610]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,629,[629],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,630,[630],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,649,[649],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,651,[651],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,652,[652],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,653,[653],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,654,[654],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,660,[660],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,662,[662],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,668,[668],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,669,[669],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,680,[680],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,693,[693],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,694,"[694, 695]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,698,[698],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,699,[699],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,707,"[707, 708]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,712,[712],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,713,[713],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,720,[720],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,741,"[741, 742, 743]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,747,[747],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,761,[761],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,762,[762],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,766,[766],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,767,[767],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,771,[771],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,775,"[775, 776]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,780,"[780, 781]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,785,[785],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,795,[795],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,796,[796],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,804,[804],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,805,[805],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,817,[817],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,823,[823],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,840,[840],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,847,[847],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,861,[861],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,869,[869],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,883,[883],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,897,[897],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,"[22, 23]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,"[32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,"[53, 54]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,"[63, 64]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,"[73, 74]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,"[111, 112]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,"[128, 129]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,"[151, 152]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,"[160, 161]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,"[175, 176]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,"[196, 197]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,"[219, 220]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,"[228, 229]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,"[238, 239]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,"[243, 244]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,"[264, 265]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,273,[273],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,"[287, 288]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,"[296, 297]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,306,"[306, 307]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,"[311, 312]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,316,[316],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,327,[327],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,[344],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,"[345, 346]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,377,"[377, 378]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,"[408, 409]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,417,"[417, 418]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,"[427, 428]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,438,"[438, 439]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,450,[450],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,464,"[464, 465]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,"[473, 474]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,483,"[483, 484]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,488,"[488, 489]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,500,"[500, 501]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,506,[506],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,507,"[507, 508]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,516,[516],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,539,"[539, 540]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,543,[543],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,544,"[544, 545]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,547,[547],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,560,"[560, 561]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,570,"[570, 571]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,589,[589],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,590,[590],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,591,[591],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,592,[592],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,606,"[606, 607]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,612,[612],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,626,[626],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,635,"[635, 636]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,639,[639],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,640,[640],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,641,[641],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,655,"[655, 656]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_attachment.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,659,[659],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_auth.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_blob.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_blob.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_blob.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_blob.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_blob.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,"[52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_blob.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_blob.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_blob.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cache.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,"[165, 166]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,hardcoded_sql_expressions,B608,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible SQL injection vector through string-based query construction.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b608_hardcoded_sql_expressions.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_catalog.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cockroach.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cockroach.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cockroach.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cockroach.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cockroach.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,"[86, 87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cockroach.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_commands.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_commands.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_commands.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_commands.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_commands.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_commands.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_commands.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,"[30, 31]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,"[86, 87]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,"[125, 126]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,"[176, 177]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,"[197, 198, 199, 200, 201]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,[212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_configure_component.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,757,[757],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,"[131, 132]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,"[168, 169, 170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_content.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_contentapi.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,11,[11],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_contentapi.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_contentapi.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_contentnegotiation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,"[16, 17]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_contentnegotiation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,"[24, 25]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_contentnegotiation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_contentnegotiation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_contentnegotiation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_contentnegotiation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_contentnegotiation.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,"[53, 54]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_cors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,"[27, 28]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,"[53, 54]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dbobjects.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58, 59]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,"[67, 68, 69]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,"[88, 89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,"[98, 99, 100]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103, 104]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,"[141, 142, 143]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,"[145, 146, 147]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,"[150, 151, 152]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,"[179, 180, 181]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,"[189, 190, 191]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,"[199, 200, 201]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,"[209, 210, 211]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,"[217, 218, 219]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,"[227, 228, 229]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,"[237, 238, 239]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,"[258, 259, 260]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,"[268, 269, 270]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,"[289, 290]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,[297],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,"[311, 312, 313]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,"[321, 322, 323]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,331,"[331, 332, 333]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,338,[338],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,375,"[375, 376]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,380,[380],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,[383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,384,[384],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,421,"[421, 422]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,[453],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,454,[454],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,455,[455],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,456,[456],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,457,[457],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,458,[458],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,479,"[479, 480]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,494,"[494, 495]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,509,"[509, 510, 511]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,525,"[525, 526, 527]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,541,[541],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,562,"[562, 563]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,577,"[577, 578, 579]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,593,"[593, 594, 595]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_dynamic_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,609,[609],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_errors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_errors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_errors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_errors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_errors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_errors.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_extrafieldattr.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_extrafieldattr.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_files.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_files.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_files.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_files.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_guillo.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_guillo.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_guillo.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_guillo.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_guillo.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_guillo.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_guillo.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_guillo.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_guillo.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_guillo.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_jose.py,blacklist,B413,HIGH,HIGH,The pyCrypto library and its module RSA are no longer actively maintained and have been deprecated. Consider using pyca/cryptography library.,1,[1],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b413-import-pycrypto
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_jose.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_jose.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_jsonschema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_jsonschema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_jsonschema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_jsonschema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,11,[11],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,"[34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_login.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_oid.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_oid.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_oid.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_oid.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,"[76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,"[103, 104]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,"[166, 167]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,"[175, 176, 177]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,"[215, 216, 217]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,"[220, 221]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,"[251, 252]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,440,"[440, 441]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,464,[464],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,465,"[465, 466]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,491,[491],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,494,"[494, 495]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,518,"[518, 519]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,658,[658],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,659,[659],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,682,"[682, 683]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,690,[690],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,715,"[715, 716]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_postgres.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,723,[723],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,"[78, 79]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_queue.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_request.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_routes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_routes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_routes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_routes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_routes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_routes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_routes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,"[39, 40]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,"[49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,"[58, 59]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,"[71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,"[134, 135]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,"[157, 158]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,"[196, 197]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,"[209, 210]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,"[220, 221]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,"[225, 226]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,"[236, 237]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,"[238, 239, 240, 241]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,"[245, 246]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,"[257, 258]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,"[274, 275]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,"[287, 288]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,"[300, 301]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,"[312, 313]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,"[314, 315, 316]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,"[323, 324]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,"[325, 326]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,338,"[338, 339]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,"[347, 348]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,356,"[356, 357]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,"[369, 370]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,"[386, 387]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,"[399, 400]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,417,"[417, 418]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,429,"[429, 430]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,431,"[431, 432, 433]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,440,"[440, 441]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,"[442, 443, 444]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,"[453, 454]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_security.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,455,"[455, 456]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,[235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,[285],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,"[286, 287]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,"[299, 300]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,"[314, 315]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,"[330, 331]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,339,[339],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,[359],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,[374],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,"[395, 396]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,[408],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,409,"[409, 410]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,419,[419],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,[420],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,441,[441],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,[442],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,443,[443],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,456,[456],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,"[473, 474]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,481,"[481, 482, 483]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,490,"[490, 491]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,499,"[499, 500]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,508,"[508, 509, 510]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,"[517, 518, 519]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,527,"[527, 528, 529, 530]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,531,[531],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,538,"[538, 539]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,547,[547],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,555,[555],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,573,[573],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,574,[574],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,575,[575],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,595,[595],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,596,"[596, 597, 598, 599]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,600,[600],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,601,"[601, 602]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,615,[615],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,616,[616],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,617,[617],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,618,"[618, 619]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,621,[621],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,623,"[623, 624]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,625,"[625, 626]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,641,"[641, 642]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,643,"[643, 644, 645, 646, 647]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,648,[648],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,649,"[649, 650]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,651,[651],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,656,"[656, 657, 658]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,689,[689],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,690,[690],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,691,[691],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,692,[692],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,693,"[693, 694]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,711,[711],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,712,[712],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,713,"[713, 714]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,737,[737],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,738,[738],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,739,[739],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,740,[740],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,757,[757],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,768,[768],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,800,"[800, 801, 802]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,803,[803],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,804,"[804, 805]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,826,[826],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,827,[827],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,828,[828],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,842,[842],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,843,[843],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,851,[851],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,852,"[852, 853]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,861,[861],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_serialize.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,862,[862],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,"[37, 38]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36, 37]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_static.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_storages.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,"[94, 95]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_transactions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_transactions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_transactions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,"[32, 33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_transactions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_transactions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,11,"[11, 12]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,"[36, 37]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_urls.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,"[17, 18]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,"[27, 28]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,"[29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,"[31, 32]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,"[33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,"[117, 118]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,"[119, 120]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,"[123, 124, 125, 126]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,"[178, 179]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,"[181, 182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,"[184, 185]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,"[219, 220]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,"[281, 282]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,[284],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,"[285, 286]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,"[307, 308]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_vocabulary.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_vocabulary.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_vocabulary.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_ws.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_ws.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_ws.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/test_ws.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/tests/utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/traversal.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/traversal.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,"[158, 159, 160]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/utils/misc.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
guillotina-4.5.7/guillotina/utils/misc.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
guillotina-4.5.7/measures/pickling.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/measures/pickling.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/measures/transction_strategies.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
guillotina-4.5.7/measures/transction_strategies.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
