filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/management/configuration.py,yaml_load,B506,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/management/creation.py,yaml_load,B506,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_cli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_configuration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_configuration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/interface/test_configuration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/kube_api/test_kube_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/kube_api/test_kube_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/kube_api/test_kube_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/kube_api/test_kube_api.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/kube_api/test_to_kuber_dict.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/custom_resource_definition/test_custom_resource_definition.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,"[19, 20]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/custom_resource_definition/test_custom_resource_definition.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,"[22, 23, 24]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/empty_values/test_empty_values.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/empty_values/test_empty_values.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/metadata_owner_reference/test_metadata_owner_reference.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/metadata_owner_reference/test_metadata_owner_reference.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/metadata_owner_reference/test_metadata_owner_reference.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,"[20, 21]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/metadata_owner_reference/test_metadata_owner_reference.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/metadata_owner_reference/test_metadata_owner_reference.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/metadata_owner_reference/test_metadata_owner_reference.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/odd_api_versions/test_odd_api_versions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/scenarios/value_casting/test_value_casting.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_definitions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_definitions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_definitions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_definitions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_definitions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_definitions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_execution.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_importable.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_kuber.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_kuber.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber/tests/test_kuber.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber_maker/documenting.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,2,[2],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
kuber-1.8.0/kuber_maker/documenting.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber_maker/documenting.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber_maker/packaging.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,3,[3],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
kuber-1.8.0/kuber_maker/packaging.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber_maker/packaging.py,start_process_with_a_shell,B605,HIGH,HIGH,"Starting a process with a shell, possible injection detected, security issue.",23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b605_start_process_with_a_shell.html
kuber-1.8.0/kuber_maker/render.py,jinja2_autoescape_false,B701,HIGH,HIGH,"By default, jinja2 sets autoescape to False. Consider using autoescape=True or use the select_autoescape function to mitigate XSS vulnerabilities.",22,"[22, 23]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b701_jinja2_autoescape_false.html
