filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/custom_contentviews.py,blacklist,B410,LOW,HIGH,Using lxml.html to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace lxml.html with the equivalent defusedxml package.,2,[2],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b410-import-lxml
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/custom_contentviews.py,blacklist,B410,LOW,HIGH,Using lxml.etree to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace lxml.etree with the equivalent defusedxml package.,3,[3],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b410-import-lxml
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/flowwriter.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/mitmproxywrapper.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/mitmproxywrapper.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,25,"[25, 26]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/mitmproxywrapper.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,55,"[55, 56, 57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/mitmproxywrapper.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/mitmproxywrapper.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/mitmproxywrapper.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/mitmproxywrapper.py,start_process_with_no_shell,B606,LOW,MEDIUM,Starting a process without a shell.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b606_start_process_with_no_shell.html
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/tls_passthrough.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
mitmproxy-0.15/examples/upsidedownternet.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/console/__init__.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,11,[11],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/console/__init__.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,394,[394],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/console/__init__.py,subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true,B602,HIGH,HIGH,"subprocess call with shell=True identified, security issue.",435,[435],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b602_subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/console/grideditor.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,334,[334],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/console/statusbar.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contentviews.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contentviews.py,blacklist,B410,LOW,HIGH,Using lxml.html to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace lxml.html with the equivalent defusedxml package.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b410-import-lxml
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contentviews.py,blacklist,B410,LOW,HIGH,Using lxml.etree to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace lxml.etree with the equivalent defusedxml package.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b410-import-lxml
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contentviews.py,blacklist,B320,MEDIUM,HIGH,Using lxml.etree.fromstring to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace lxml.etree.fromstring with its defusedxml equivalent function.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b313-b320-xml-bad-etree
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contentviews.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,434,"[434, 435, 436]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contentviews.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,434,"[434, 435, 436]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contentviews.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,446,"[446, 447, 448, 449]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contentviews.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,446,"[446, 447, 448, 449]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'TK_EOF',220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '[',641,[641],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: ']',700,[700],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'function',781,[781],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'function',845,[845],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'function',857,[857],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'function',861,[861],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'var',867,[867],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'if',870,[870],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'var',889,[889],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'if',895,[895],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'else',898,[898],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,"Possible hardcoded password: ','",946,[946],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,"Possible hardcoded password: ','",950,[950],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: ':',966,[966],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '::',972,[972],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,"Possible hardcoded password: ','",977,[977],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '.',1024,[1024],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: ':',1028,[1028],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/__init__.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '?',1034,[1034],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/unpackers/evalbased.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with PIPE module.,17,"[17, 18]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/unpackers/evalbased.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/jsbeautifier/unpackers/evalbased.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/wbxml/ASWBXML.py,blacklist,B408,LOW,HIGH,"Using xml.dom.minidom to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace xml.dom.minidom with the equivalent defusedxml package, or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called.",30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b408-import-xml-minidom
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/contrib/wbxml/ASWBXML.py,blacklist,B318,MEDIUM,HIGH,Using xml.dom.minidom.parseString to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Replace xml.dom.minidom.parseString with its defusedxml equivalent function or make sure defusedxml.defuse_stdlib() is called,819,[819],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b313-b320-xml-bad-minidom
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/platform/windows.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with cPickle module.,2,[2],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/platform/windows.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/platform/windows.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/platform/windows.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
mitmproxy-0.15/libmproxy/protocol/tls.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",390,[390],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,"[8, 9]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,11,"[11, 12]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,"[14, 15]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,"[40, 41]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,"[44, 45]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,"[66, 67]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,"[76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,"[88, 89]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_cmdline.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,"[39, 40]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,"[45, 46]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,"[52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107, 108]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_common.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_help.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_help.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_help.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_help.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,11,[11],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_palettes.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,"[33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,"[37, 38]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,"[43, 44]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_console_pathedit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,"[28, 29]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,"[34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,"[40, 41]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,"[127, 128]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,"[133, 134]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,"[136, 137]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,"[150, 151]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,"[153, 154]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,"[156, 157]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,"[174, 175]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,"[181, 182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,"[200, 201]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,"[234, 235]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_controller.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_custom_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,"[20, 21]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_custom_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,"[29, 30, 31]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_custom_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,"[39, 40, 41]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_custom_contentview.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,"[22, 23]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,"[26, 27]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,"[30, 31]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,"[34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,"[141, 142, 143, 144, 145, 146, 147, 148]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,"[188, 189, 190, 191, 192]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,225,[225],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_dump.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,"[45, 46]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,"[130, 131]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,"[135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,"[138, 139]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,"[151, 152]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,"[166, 167]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,"[169, 170]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,"[172, 173]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,"[175, 176]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,"[185, 186]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,"[190, 191]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,194,[194],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,212,"[212, 213]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,"[228, 229]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,277,[277],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_filt.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,"[28, 29]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,"[31, 32]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,"[101, 102]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,"[104, 105]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,"[110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,"[139, 140]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,"[162, 163]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,"[179, 180]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,"[183, 184]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,"[187, 188]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,"[233, 234]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,"[236, 237]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,"[239, 240]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,"[242, 243]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,"[245, 246]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,"[261, 262]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,278,[278],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,297,"[297, 298, 299]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,[315],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,[317],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,336,[336],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,338,[338],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,350,[350],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,351,[351],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,352,[352],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,[353],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,355,[355],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,356,[356],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,"[358, 359]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,364,[364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,[371],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,"[373, 374]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,376,"[376, 377]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,384,[384],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,389,[389],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,401,"[401, 402, 403]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,407,"[407, 408, 409]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,412,[412],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,415,[415],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,417,[417],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,424,[424],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,426,[426],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,439,[439],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,[442],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,450,[450],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,465,"[465, 466]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,467,[467],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,468,[468],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,469,[469],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,470,[470],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,481,[481],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,483,"[483, 484]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,485,[485],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,487,[487],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,507,[507],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,508,[508],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,509,"[509, 510]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,512,[512],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,513,"[513, 514]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,516,[516],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,[517],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,518,"[518, 519]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,521,[521],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,522,"[522, 523]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,525,[525],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,526,[526],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,533,"[533, 534]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,539,[539],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,541,[541],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,542,[542],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,548,"[548, 549]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,551,"[551, 552]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,554,[554],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,555,[555],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,558,[558],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,560,"[560, 561]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,564,[564],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,566,[566],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,568,"[568, 569]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,570,[570],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,574,[574],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,575,[575],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,576,[576],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,577,[577],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,578,[578],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,601,[601],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,617,[617],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,651,"[651, 652]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,654,[654],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,655,[655],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,662,[662],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,673,[673],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,690,[690],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,700,[700],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,718,[718],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,719,[719],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,720,[720],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,721,[721],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,722,"[722, 723]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,724,[724],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,730,[730],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,732,[732],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,739,"[739, 740]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,742,"[742, 743]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,745,[745],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,750,[750],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,753,[753],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,758,[758],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,762,[762],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,764,[764],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,766,[766],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,768,"[768, 769]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,770,[770],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,771,[771],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,773,[773],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,774,"[774, 775, 776]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,778,[778],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,779,"[779, 780]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,783,[783],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,790,[790],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,792,[792],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,793,[793],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,794,[794],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,805,"[805, 806]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,809,[809],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,810,"[810, 811]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,827,"[827, 828, 829, 830, 831, 832, 833, 834, 835, 836]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,837,[837],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,841,[841],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,843,"[843, 844]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,857,"[857, 858]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,869,"[869, 870]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,883,[883],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,884,"[884, 885]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,898,"[898, 899]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,901,[901],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,924,[924],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,929,[929],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,931,[931],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,933,"[933, 934]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,940,[940],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,941,[941],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,944,[944],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,949,[949],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,951,[951],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,953,"[953, 954]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,961,[961],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,962,[962],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,964,[964],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,983,"[983, 984]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,990,[990],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1000,[1000],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1002,[1002],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1007,"[1007, 1008]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1010,"[1010, 1011]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1014,"[1014, 1015]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1018,"[1018, 1019]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1020,[1020],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1022,[1022],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1023,[1023],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1028,[1028],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1030,[1030],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1034,"[1034, 1035]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1037,[1037],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1039,[1039],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1041,[1041],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1042,[1042],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1048,"[1048, 1049]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1052,"[1052, 1053]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1055,[1055],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1061,"[1061, 1062]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1065,"[1065, 1066]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1069,"[1069, 1070]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1072,[1072],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1074,[1074],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1077,[1077],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1085,[1085],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1086,[1086],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1093,[1093],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1094,[1094],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1095,[1095],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1096,[1096],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1102,"[1102, 1103]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1106,[1106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1112,"[1112, 1113]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1116,[1116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1121,[1121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1129,[1129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1137,[1137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1143,"[1143, 1144]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1153,"[1153, 1154]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1156,"[1156, 1157, 1158]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1167,[1167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1168,[1168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1169,[1169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1174,[1174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1181,"[1181, 1182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1183,"[1183, 1184]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1186,[1186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1188,"[1188, 1189]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1191,[1191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1198,"[1198, 1199, 1200]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1203,"[1203, 1204]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1207,"[1207, 1208]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1210,"[1210, 1211]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1212,[1212],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1218,"[1218, 1219]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1226,"[1226, 1227]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1229,"[1229, 1230]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1235,[1235],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1236,[1236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1238,"[1238, 1239]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1244,"[1244, 1245]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1250,[1250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1251,"[1251, 1252]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1258,"[1258, 1259]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1260,[1260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1261,[1261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1267,"[1267, 1268]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1275,"[1275, 1276]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1278,"[1278, 1279]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1284,[1284],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1285,[1285],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1287,"[1287, 1288]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1293,"[1293, 1294]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1302,[1302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1303,"[1303, 1304]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1311,"[1311, 1312]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1313,[1313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow_format_compat.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_flow_format_compat.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_fuzzing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_fuzzing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_fuzzing.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_platform_pf.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,"[26, 27]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,"[32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,"[76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_protocol_http.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,"[82, 83]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,"[31, 32]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,"[116, 117]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_proxy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,"[16, 17]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_script.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,"[56, 57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,"[81, 82, 83, 84]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,"[134, 135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,"[180, 181, 182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,[191],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,"[230, 231, 232]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,"[234, 235, 236, 237]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,"[244, 245]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,[259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,"[276, 277]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,[287],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,[310],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,320,[320],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,[321],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,333,[333],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,[383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,390,[390],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,[425],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,430,[430],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,431,[431],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,[453],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,454,[454],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,476,[476],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,480,[480],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,481,[481],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,485,[485],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,499,[499],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,505,"[505, 506]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,508,[508],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,509,[509],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,510,[510],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,"[517, 518]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,521,[521],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,540,"[540, 541]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,542,[542],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,567,[567],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,568,[568],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,569,[569],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,570,[570],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,574,[574],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,576,[576],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,585,[585],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,587,[587],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,633,[633],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,634,[634],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,635,"[635, 636]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,640,[640],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,641,[641],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,642,"[642, 643]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,647,[647],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,648,[648],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,649,"[649, 650]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,651,[651],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,672,[672],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,673,[673],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,680,"[680, 681, 682]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,684,[684],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,698,[698],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,699,"[699, 700]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,702,"[702, 703]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,718,[718],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,727,[727],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,729,[729],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,744,[744],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,759,[759],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,771,[771],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,785,[785],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,805,[805],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,806,[806],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,819,[819],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,844,[844],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,866,[866],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,867,"[867, 868, 869]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,870,"[870, 871, 872]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,873,"[873, 874, 875]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,876,[876],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,919,[919],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,920,"[920, 921]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,922,"[922, 923]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,924,"[924, 925, 926]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,927,"[927, 928, 929, 930, 931]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,932,[932],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,933,"[933, 934]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,935,[935],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,936,"[936, 937]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,938,"[938, 939]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,940,"[940, 941]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,942,"[942, 943]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,944,"[944, 945, 946]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,947,"[947, 948]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,949,"[949, 950, 951]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,954,[954],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,955,"[955, 956]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,957,"[957, 958, 959]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,960,[960],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,"[84, 85]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,"[88, 89]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mitmproxy-0.15/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
