filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,272,[272],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,"[31, 32, 33, 34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_mandates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customer_subscriptions.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_customers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_issuers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_issuers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_issuers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_issuers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_issuers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_issuers.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,"[10, 11, 12]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,"[23, 24, 25]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,"[64, 65]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,"[92, 93, 94]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_list.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,"[99, 100]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_methods.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_methods.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_methods.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_methods.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_methods.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_methods.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_order_lines.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,"[28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_orders.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_chargebacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_chargebacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_chargebacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_chargebacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_chargebacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_chargebacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_chargebacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_chargebacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_chargebacks.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,"[20, 21]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,"[31, 32]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payment_refunds.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,"[78, 79]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,"[111, 112]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,"[120, 121]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_payments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,"[24, 25, 26, 27, 28]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/test_shipments.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6,[6],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,"[8, 9, 10]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
mollie-api-python-2.0.3/tests/utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
