filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/nettests/blocking/http_requests.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/nettests/experimental/chinatrigger.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/nettests/experimental/chinatrigger.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/nettests/experimental/chinatrigger.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/nettests/experimental/chinatrigger.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/nettests/manipulation/http_header_field_manipulation.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/nettests/manipulation/http_header_field_manipulation.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/templates/httpt.py,blacklist,B311,LOW,HIGH,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_deck.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_deck.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_deck.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_deck.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_deck.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,"[125, 126]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_deck.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_deck.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_director.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_director.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_director.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_director.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_director.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_director.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_geoip.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_geoip.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_geoip.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_geoip.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_nettest.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonibclient.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonibclient.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonibclient.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonibclient.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_oonicli.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_reporter.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,"[50, 51]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_reporter.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55, 56, 57]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_reporter.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_reporter.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_templates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_templates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_templates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_templates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_templates.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_txscapy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_txscapy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_txscapy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
ooniprobe-1.0.1/ooni/tests/test_txscapy.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
