filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/build.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,3,[3],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/build.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/build.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/build.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/bundle.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with Popen module.,21,"[21, 22]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/bundle.py,blacklist,B310,MEDIUM,HIGH,Audit url open for permitted schemes. Allowing use of file:/ or custom schemes is often unexpected.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b310-urllib-urlopen
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/bundle.py,subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true,B602,LOW,HIGH,"subprocess call with shell=True seems safe, but may be changed in the future, consider rewriting without shell",107,"[107, 108]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b602_subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/bundle.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/config.py,blacklist,B307,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of possibly insecure function - consider using safer ast.literal_eval.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b307-eval
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/detect.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with Popen module.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/detect.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/detect.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/misc.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with Popen module.,12,"[12, 13]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pycapnp-0.5.4/buildutils/misc.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/capnp/_gen.py,jinja2_autoescape_false,B701,HIGH,HIGH,"By default, jinja2 sets autoescape to False. Consider using autoescape=True or use the select_autoescape function to mitigate XSS vulnerabilities.",17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b701_jinja2_autoescape_false.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,"[50, 51]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,"[71, 72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,"[82, 83]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,"[92, 93]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,"[97, 98]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,"[108, 109]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,"[135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,"[245, 246]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,"[255, 256]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,"[283, 284]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,[345],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,"[41, 42]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,"[49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,"[70, 71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,"[76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,"[81, 82]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,"[86, 87]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,"[91, 92]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,"[96, 97]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,"[101, 102]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,"[128, 129]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,235,"[235, 236]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,"[245, 246]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_context.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,"[50, 51]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,"[71, 72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,"[82, 83]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,"[92, 93]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,"[97, 98]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,"[129, 130]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,"[239, 240]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,"[249, 250]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_capability_old.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_load.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_load.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_load.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_load.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,"[21, 22]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,"[44, 45]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_object.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,"[113, 114]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,"[175, 176]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,[237],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,[354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,357,[357],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,362,[362],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,368,[368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,[369],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,370,[370],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,[371],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,373,[373],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,[374],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,375,[375],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,377,[377],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,"[378, 379]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,381,[381],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,382,[382],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,[383],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,384,[384],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,385,[385],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,389,[389],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,390,[390],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,393,[393],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,394,"[394, 395]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,397,[397],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,398,"[398, 399]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,400,"[400, 401]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,418,[418],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,419,[419],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,420,[420],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,421,"[421, 422]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,425,"[425, 426]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,[427],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,439,[439],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,440,[440],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,441,[441],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,[442],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,443,"[443, 444]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,447,[447],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,449,[449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,450,"[450, 451]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,457,[457],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,458,[458],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,459,"[459, 460]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,467,[467],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,"[473, 474]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,478,[478],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,486,"[486, 487, 488]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_regression.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,503,[503],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_rpc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_rpc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_rpc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_rpc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_rpc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,"[80, 81]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_rpc.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,"[26, 27]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,"[34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,"[37, 38]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,"[40, 41]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,"[45, 46]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_schema.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_serialization.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,7,"[7, 8]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_serialization.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_serialization.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,"[28, 29]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,"[33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,"[38, 39]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,"[88, 89]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,"[92, 93]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,"[104, 105]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,"[136, 137]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,"[140, 141]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,"[145, 146]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,"[149, 150]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,"[162, 163]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,"[204, 205]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_struct.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_threads.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pycapnp-0.5.4/test/test_threads.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
