filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/client/base.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/client/base.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",596,[596],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/fallback.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/serde.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,16,"[16, 17]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/serde.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,205,[205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,[236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,[241],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,247,[247],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,286,[286],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,"[305, 306]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,"[313, 314]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,321,"[321, 322]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,"[329, 330]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,338,"[338, 339]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,[347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,[374],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,389,[389],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,403,[403],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,[408],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,418,[418],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,423,[423],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,428,[428],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,433,[433],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,434,[434],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,439,[439],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,444,[444],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,452,"[452, 453]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,459,[459],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,460,[460],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,461,[461],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,480,[480],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,512,[512],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,513,[513],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,514,[514],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,526,[526],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,531,"[531, 532, 533]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,534,[534],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,539,"[539, 540, 541]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,542,[542],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,562,"[562, 563, 564]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,575,[575],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,583,[583],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,618,[618],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,623,[623],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,628,[628],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,633,[633],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,638,[638],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,643,[643],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,648,[648],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,653,[653],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,658,[658],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,673,"[673, 674]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,681,"[681, 682]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,685,"[685, 686]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,690,"[690, 691]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,723,[723],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,732,[732],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,744,[744],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,748,[748],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,775,[775],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_client_hash.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,"[32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,"[36, 37]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,"[40, 41]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,"[43, 44]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,"[67, 68]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,"[83, 84]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,"[90, 91]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,"[95, 96]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,"[108, 109]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,"[111, 112]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,"[114, 115]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,"[117, 118]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,"[120, 121]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,"[132, 133]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,"[146, 147]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,"[164, 165]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,"[169, 170]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,"[178, 179]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,[209],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,"[49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,"[125, 126]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,"[164, 165]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_rendezvous.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,"[10, 11]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,"[22, 23, 24]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,"[36, 37]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,"[47, 48]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,"[60, 61]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pymemcache-1.3.5/pymemcache/test/test_utils.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
