filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
pypiserver-1.1.6/bootstrap.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/bootstrap.py,blacklist,B310,MEDIUM,HIGH,Audit url open for permitted schemes. Allowing use of file:/ or custom schemes is often unexpected.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b310-urllib-urlopen
pypiserver-1.1.6/bootstrap.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pypiserver-1.1.6/bootstrap.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/gen-standalone.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with cPickle module.,5,"[5, 6, 7]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
pypiserver-1.1.6/gen-standalone.py,set_bad_file_permissions,B103,MEDIUM,HIGH,Chmod setting a permissive mask 0755 on file (dst).,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b103_set_bad_file_permissions.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypi-server-in.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypi-server-in.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypi-server-in.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypi-server-in.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with cPickle module.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypi-server-in.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypi-server-in.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,38,"[38, 39, 40]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,blacklist,B403,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with cPickle module.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,try_except_pass,B110,LOW,HIGH,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",1741,[1741],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,blacklist,B301,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",2205,[2205],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,blacklist,B412,HIGH,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with CGIHandler module.,2364,[2364],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b412-import-httpoxy
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,blacklist,B412,HIGH,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with wsgiref.handlers.CGIHandler module.,2368,[2368],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b412-import-httpoxy
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,blacklist,B307,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of possibly insecure function - consider using safer ast.literal_eval.,2608,[2608],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b307-eval
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,2655,[2655],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,use_of_mako_templates,B702,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Mako templates allow HTML/JS rendering by default and are inherently open to XSS attacks. Ensure variables in all templates are properly sanitized via the 'n', 'h' or 'x' flags (depending on context). For example, to HTML escape the variable 'data' do ${ data |h }.",2858,[2858],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b702_use_of_mako_templates.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,use_of_mako_templates,B702,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Mako templates allow HTML/JS rendering by default and are inherently open to XSS attacks. Ensure variables in all templates are properly sanitized via the 'n', 'h' or 'x' flags (depending on context). For example, to HTML escape the variable 'data' do ${ data |h }.",2860,[2860],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b702_use_of_mako_templates.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,jinja2_autoescape_false,B701,HIGH,HIGH,"By default, jinja2 sets autoescape to False. Consider using autoescape=True or use the select_autoescape function to mitigate XSS vulnerabilities.",2895,[2895],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b701_jinja2_autoescape_false.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'TXT',3000,[3000],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'RAW',3001,[3001],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: 'CMD',3002,[3002],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/bottle.py,blacklist,B307,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of possibly insecure function - consider using safer ast.literal_eval.,3078,[3078],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b307-eval
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/core.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/manage.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with call module.,4,"[4, 5]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/manage.py,blacklist,B411,HIGH,HIGH,Using Server to parse untrusted XML data is known to be vulnerable to XML attacks. Use defused.xmlrpc.monkey_patch() function to monkey-patch xmlrpclib and mitigate XML vulnerabilities.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b411-import-xmlrpclib
pypiserver-1.1.6/pypiserver/manage.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/setup.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/setup.py,exec_used,B102,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of exec detected.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,211,[211],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_app.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_core.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_main.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_manage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_manage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_manage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,"[48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_manage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_manage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pypiserver-1.1.6/tests/test_manage.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
