filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/base.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/base.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,71,"[71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/base.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,74,"[74, 75, 76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/base.py,blacklist,B303,MEDIUM,HIGH,"Use of insecure MD2, MD4, MD5, or SHA1 hash function.",135,"[135, 136]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b303-md5
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/http.py,blacklist,B310,MEDIUM,HIGH,Audit url open for permitted schemes. Allowing use of file:/ or custom schemes is often unexpected.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b310-urllib-urlopen
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/http.py,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces,B104,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/mongo.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,4,"[4, 5]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/mongo.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/mongo.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/mongo.py,subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true,B602,HIGH,HIGH,"subprocess call with shell=True identified, security issue.",143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b602_subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/xvfb.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,4,[4],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/xvfb.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/xvfb.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/xvfb.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/xvfb.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,55,"[55, 56]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/pytest_server_fixtures/xvfb.py,subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true,B602,HIGH,HIGH,"subprocess call with shell=True identified, security issue.",78,"[74, 75, 76, 77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b602_subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_httpd_proxy_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,4,[4],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_httpd_proxy_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_httpd_proxy_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_httpd_proxy_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_httpd_proxy_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_httpd_proxy_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_jenkins_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_jenkins_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_jenkins_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_jenkins_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_jenkins_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_jenkins_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_jenkins_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_jenkins_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_jenkins_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,"[50, 51]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_jenkins_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_mongo_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5,[5],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_mongo_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6,[6],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_mongo_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_mongo_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_mongo_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_redis_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,5,[5],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_redis_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_rethink_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,2,[2],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_rethink_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,3,[3],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_rethink_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_rethink_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_rethink_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,2,[2],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,20,"[20, 21]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,20,"[20, 21]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,29,"[29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,start_process_with_partial_path,B607,LOW,HIGH,Starting a process with a partial executable path,29,"[29, 30]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b607_start_process_with_partial_path.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_xvfb_server.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_server_unit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_server_unit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,11,[11],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_server_unit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_server_unit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_server_unit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,"[25, 26, 27, 28]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-server-fixtures-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_server_unit.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
