filename,test_name,test_id,issue_severity,issue_confidence,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/pytest_shutil/cmdline.py,hardcoded_password_string,B105,LOW,MEDIUM,Possible hardcoded password: '',201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/pytest_shutil/run.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,12,"[12, 13]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/pytest_shutil/run.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/pytest_shutil/run.py,blacklist,B307,MEDIUM,HIGH,Use of possibly insecure function - consider using safer ast.literal_eval.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b307-eval
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/pytest_shutil/workspace.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,7,"[7, 8]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/pytest_shutil/workspace.py,subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true,B602,HIGH,HIGH,"subprocess call with shell=True identified, security issue.",105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b602_subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/pytest_shutil/workspace.py,subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true,B602,HIGH,HIGH,"subprocess call with shell=True identified, security issue.",107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b602_subprocess_popen_with_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_cmdline_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_cmdline_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_env_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_env_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_env_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_env_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_env_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_env_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_env_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_env_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_env_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,1,[1],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,77,"[77, 78, 79]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,90,"[90, 91]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,102,"[102, 103, 104]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,116,"[116, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121, 122, 123, 124]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,135,"[135, 136, 137, 138, 139, 140, 141, 142, 143]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,156,"[156, 157, 158, 159, 160, 161, 162, 163, 164]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,175,[175],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,[189],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_run_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_workspace_integration.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,1,[1],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_workspace_integration.py,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true,B603,LOW,HIGH,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,6,"[6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_workspace_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_workspace_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/integration/test_workspace_integration.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,"[32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,hardcoded_tmp_directory,B108,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_env.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,blacklist,B404,LOW,HIGH,Consider possible security implications associated with PIPE module.,2,"[2, 3]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
pytest-shutil-1.0.1/tests/unit/test_run.py,assert_used,B101,LOW,HIGH,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,264,[264],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html
