filename,issue_confidence,issue_severity,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info,test_id,test_name
splash-2.0/splash/browser_tab.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,421,[421],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/browser_tab.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,891,[891],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/defaults.py,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible hardcoded password: 'admin',70,"[70, 71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html,B105,hardcoded_password_string
splash-2.0/splash/har/log.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/kernel/kernel.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/network_manager.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/qtrender_image.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,414,[414],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/qtrender_image.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,422,[422],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/qtrender_image.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,427,[427],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/qtrender_image.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,446,[446],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/qtrender_image.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,454,[454],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/qtrender_image.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,459,[459],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/qtrender_lua.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1354,[1354],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/qtutils.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/qtutils.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/tests/mockserver.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
splash-2.0/splash/tests/mockserver.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,697,[697],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
splash-2.0/splash/tests/mockserver.py,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible hardcoded password: 'splash',878,"[878, 879]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html,B105,hardcoded_password_string
splash-2.0/splash/tests/test_proxy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/tests/test_proxy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/tests/test_proxy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,"[115, 116]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/tests/test_render.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/tests/test_render.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/tests/test_render.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,727,[727],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/tests/test_render.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,792,"[792, 793]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/tests/test_render.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,798,[798],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
splash-2.0/splash/tests/test_render.py,HIGH,HIGH,"Requests call with verify=False disabling SSL certificate checks, security issue.",898,[898],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b501_request_with_no_cert_validation.html,B501,request_with_no_cert_validation
splash-2.0/splash/tests/utils.py,HIGH,LOW,Consider possible security implications associated with Popen module.,4,"[4, 5, 6]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess,B404,blacklist
splash-2.0/splash/tests/utils.py,HIGH,LOW,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html,B603,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true
splash-2.0/splash/tests/utils.py,HIGH,LOW,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,106,"[106, 107, 108, 109, 110, 111, 112, 113, 114, 115]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html,B603,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true
splash-2.0/splash/tests/utils.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
