filename,issue_confidence,issue_severity,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info,test_id,test_name
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/apache.py,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Probable insecure usage of temp file/directory.,122,"[122, 123]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b108_hardcoded_tmp_directory.html,B108,hardcoded_tmp_directory
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/http_runner.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,"[90, 91]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/http_runner.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/http_runner.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag_filtering.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag_filtering.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,"[38, 39]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag_filtering.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag_filtering.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_bag_filtering.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,"[49, 50]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_collection_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,"[123, 124]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_commands.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_external_load.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_external_load.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_external_load.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_external_load.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,"[36, 37, 38]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,"[58, 59]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,"[71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,"[77, 78]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,"[88, 89]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,[200],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,"[214, 215]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,"[217, 218]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,"[220, 221]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,"[223, 224]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filtered_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_filtered_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_json_perms.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_json_perms.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_json_perms.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_limit_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_limit_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_make_cookie.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_make_cookie.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,"[20, 21]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_make_cookie.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_make_cookie.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_make_cookie.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_make_cookie.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_merge_config.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_muchdata.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_muchdata.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_muchdata.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_muchdata.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_muchdata.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_muchdata.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_muchdata.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_parse_filter_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_parse_filter_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,"[23, 24]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_parse_filter_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_parse_filter_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_parse_filter_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_parse_filter_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_parse_filter_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,"[32, 33]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_parse_filter_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_parse_filter_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,"[45, 46]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,"[88, 89]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_policy.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_query.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_query_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_query_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_query_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_query_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_query_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_query_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,"[38, 39]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe_template.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe_template.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe_template.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe_template.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,"[33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe_template.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_recipe_template.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_render_wikitext.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_render_wikitext.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_render_wikitext.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_render_wikitext.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_render_wikitext.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_roundtrip.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_roundtrip.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_roundtrip.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_roundtrip.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86, 87]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_roundtrip.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,"[91, 92]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_roundtrip.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_roundtrip.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,"[116, 117]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_roundtrip.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_select_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,"[69, 70, 71, 72]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,"[38, 39, 40, 41]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,"[53, 54, 55, 56]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,"[123, 124]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serialize_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_serializer.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_sort_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_sort_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_sort_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_sort_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,"[29, 30, 31]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,"[32, 33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36, 37]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,"[38, 39, 40]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,"[58, 59]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_hooks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_hooks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_hooks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,"[46, 47, 48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,"[53, 54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,"[74, 75]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,"[76, 77]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,"[101, 102]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,"[108, 109]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,MEDIUM,Chmod setting a permissive mask 0555 on file (path).,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b103_set_bad_file_permissions.html,B103,set_bad_file_permissions
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,MEDIUM,Chmod setting a permissive mask 0755 on file (path).,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b103_set_bad_file_permissions.html,B103,set_bad_file_permissions
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,"[86, 87]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_store_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_text_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,"[22, 23]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_text_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_text_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_text_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,"[35, 36]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_text_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_text_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_text_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,"[48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_text_filter.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,"[31, 32]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,"[33, 34, 35]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,"[36, 37, 38]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,"[39, 40]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,"[41, 42]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,"[43, 44]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,"[45, 46]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler_fields_as_strings.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler_slash.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,"[24, 25]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler_slash.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddler_slash.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,"[82, 83]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,"[18, 19]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,"[22, 23]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,"[48, 49]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,"[51, 52]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55, 56]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_user.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,98,[98],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,"[153, 154]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,"[188, 189]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,191,"[191, 192]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,"[208, 209]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,213,[213],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,229,[229],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,"[245, 246]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,"[248, 249]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,"[269, 270]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,"[285, 286]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,289,"[289, 290]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,294,[294],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,[315],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bag_tiddlers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_bags.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,[62],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_challenge.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_extract.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_http_api.py,HIGH,MEDIUM,Use of unsafe yaml load. Allows instantiation of arbitrary objects. Consider yaml.safe_load().,14,[14],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b506_yaml_load.html,B506,yaml_load
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_negotiate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,"[28, 29]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_negotiate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_negotiate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_negotiate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,"[59, 60]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_negotiate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,"[61, 62]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,109,[109],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,[123],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,132,[132],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,"[150, 151]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,"[181, 182]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,197,[197],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,"[227, 228]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,236,[236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,"[237, 238]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,243,"[243, 244]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,246,[246],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,"[257, 258]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,"[271, 272]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,"[275, 276, 277]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,"[290, 291]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,295,[295],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,302,[302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,"[307, 308]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,311,"[311, 312]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,[315],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,316,[316],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,"[329, 330]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,332,"[332, 333]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,344,"[344, 345]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,"[347, 348]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,"[358, 359]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,369,[369],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,380,[380],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_recipes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_search.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,68,[68],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,82,[82],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,"[99, 100, 101, 102]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,"[121, 122, 123, 124]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,141,[141],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,"[142, 143]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,"[150, 151]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,"[159, 160, 161]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,193,[193],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,"[199, 200]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,"[203, 204]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,"[220, 221]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,222,[222],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,251,[251],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,293,"[293, 294]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,298,[298],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,299,[299],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,"[301, 302]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,307,[307],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,308,[308],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,309,"[309, 310]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,314,[314],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,315,[315],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,317,"[317, 318]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,[323],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,[325],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,[345],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,346,"[346, 347]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,[353],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,354,"[354, 355]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,381,[381],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,383,"[383, 384]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,387,[387],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,389,"[389, 390]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,393,[393],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,395,"[395, 396]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,399,[399],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,[408],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,410,[410],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,415,[415],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,417,[417],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,426,"[426, 427]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,430,"[430, 431]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,434,"[434, 435]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,438,[438],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,447,"[447, 448]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,451,"[451, 452]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,455,"[455, 456]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,459,[459],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,475,[475],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,476,[476],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,477,[477],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,488,[488],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,489,"[489, 490, 491]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,496,"[496, 497, 498]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,503,"[503, 504, 505]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,510,"[510, 511, 512]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,517,"[517, 518, 519]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,523,[523],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,524,"[524, 525, 526]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,531,"[531, 532, 533]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,536,[536],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,537,"[537, 538, 539]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,543,[543],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,544,[544],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,552,[552],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,553,"[553, 554]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,559,"[559, 560]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,562,"[562, 563]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,568,[568],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,569,"[569, 570]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,576,"[576, 577]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,585,[585],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,592,[592],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,599,"[599, 600]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,603,[603],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,610,"[610, 611]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,614,"[614, 615]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,618,[618],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,626,"[626, 627]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,630,"[630, 631]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,634,[634],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,640,[640],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,649,"[649, 650]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,654,[654],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,655,"[655, 656]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,661,[661],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,662,"[662, 663]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,667,[667],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,668,[668],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,680,"[680, 681]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,687,"[687, 688]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,694,"[694, 695]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,701,"[701, 702]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,705,[705],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,706,"[706, 707, 708, 709]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,712,"[712, 713]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,717,[717],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,718,"[718, 719]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,724,[724],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,725,"[725, 726]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,729,[729],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,730,"[730, 731]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,735,[735],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,736,"[736, 737]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,742,[742],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,743,"[743, 744]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,747,[747],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,748,"[748, 749]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,753,[753],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,754,"[754, 755]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,760,[760],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,761,"[761, 762]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,765,[765],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,766,"[766, 767]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,771,[771],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,772,"[772, 773]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,778,[778],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,779,[779],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,786,"[786, 787]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,790,"[790, 791]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,794,"[794, 795]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,798,"[798, 799]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,802,"[802, 803]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,806,"[806, 807]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,810,"[810, 811]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,814,[814],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,822,[822],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,[117],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,[137],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,"[138, 139]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,156,[156],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,"[159, 160]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,"[164, 165]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,"[170, 171]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,189,"[189, 190]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,209,"[209, 210]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddler_revisions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,[43],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,[45],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,46,[46],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_tiddlers_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,"[33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,"[73, 74]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,106,[106],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,"[107, 108]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_unicode.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,"[54, 55]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,"[90, 91]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,"[105, 106]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,"[110, 111]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,[112],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,"[122, 123]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,"[127, 128]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/test/test_web_validate.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tiddlyweb-1.2.17/tiddlyweb/config.py,MEDIUM,MEDIUM,Possible binding to all interfaces.,151,"[149, 150, 151, 152]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b104_hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces.html,B104,hardcoded_bind_all_interfaces
