filename,issue_confidence,issue_severity,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info,test_id,test_name
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_middlewares.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_middlewares.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_middlewares.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,34,"[34, 35, 36]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_middlewares.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_middlewares.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_middlewares.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_middlewares.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_middlewares.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_middlewares.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,107,[107],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,6,[6],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,7,[7],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,12,[12],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,13,[13],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,31,[31],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,"[67, 68]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,103,[103],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_queries.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_storages.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_storages.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,"[39, 40]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_storages.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_storages.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,45,"[45, 46]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_storages.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_storages.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tables.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,9,[9],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tables.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tables.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tables.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tables.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,"[24, 25]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tables.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tables.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tables.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tables.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tables.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,11,[11],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,"[27, 28]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,35,[35],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,"[41, 42, 43]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,"[49, 50, 51]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,62,"[62, 63, 64]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,[70],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,76,[76],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,83,[83],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,91,[91],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,"[97, 98]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,99,[99],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,[120],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,133,[133],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
tinydb-1.4.0/tests/test_tinydb.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
