filename,issue_confidence,issue_severity,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info,test_id,test_name
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,546,[546],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,559,[559],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,688,"[688, 689]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,698,"[698, 699]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1056,[1056],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,1078,[1078],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,1259,[1259],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,1261,"[1261, 1262]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,1263,"[1263, 1264]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/goalsetter.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/goalsetter.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,234,[234],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/goalsetter.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/onezone.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,17,[17],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/orders.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,[230],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/orders.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,681,[681],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/orders.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,682,[682],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ordertest.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,28,[28],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ordertest.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ordertest.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/pathfinding.py,HIGH,LOW,Consider possible security implications associated with cPickle module.,10,[10],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle,B403,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/pathfinding.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/pathfinding.py,HIGH,MEDIUM,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",754,[754],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle,B301,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/pathfinding.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,809,[809],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/pathfinding.py,HIGH,MEDIUM,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",1127,[1127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle,B301,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/pathfinding.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1146,[1146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/pathfinding.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1293,"[1293, 1294]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/pathfinding.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1337,[1337],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/pathfinding.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,1341,[1341],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ranger.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,77,[77],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ranger.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,111,[111],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ranger.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ranger.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ranger.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ranger.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,290,[290],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ranger.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,367,[367],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/ranger.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,403,[403],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/sirrobin.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/sirrobin.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,218,[218],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,265,[265],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,281,[281],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,[285],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,318,[318],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,330,[330],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,[347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,358,[358],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/bots/test/test_bullet_avoidance.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,363,[363],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/dbqueue.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/dbqueue.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/dbqueue.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,"[67, 68]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/game.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/game.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/game.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,436,[436],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/game.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,484,[484],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gamerecording/achievementlist.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gamerecording/achievements.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gamerecording/achievements.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gamerecording/achievements.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gamerecording/achievements.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gamerecording/gamerecorder.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,[85],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gamerecording/gamerecorder.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,624,[624],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,630,[630],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,635,[635],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,647,[647],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,652,[652],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,657,[657],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,662,[662],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,666,[666],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,670,[670],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,686,[686],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,691,[691],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,695,[695],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,701,[701],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,706,[706],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,720,[720],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,725,[725],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,730,[730],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/common.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,737,[737],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/elements.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,160,[160],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/elements.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,242,[242],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/framework.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/scrollableCanvas.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/scrollableCanvas.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,285,[285],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/tabContainer.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/tabContainer.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/tabContainer.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,416,[416],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/tabContainer.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,448,[448],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/tabContainer.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,449,[449],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/tabContainer.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,463,"[463, 464]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/table.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/table.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,63,[63],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/table.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/table.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/table.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,437,"[437, 438]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/table.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,524,[524],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_dialogbox.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_dialogbox.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,34,[34],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_statlist.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_statlist.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_statlist.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_statlist.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_tabs.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,58,[58],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_tabs.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_tabs.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,86,[86],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_tabs.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_tabs.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/framework/test/demo_tabs.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/gui/screenManager/screenManager.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,[371],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,372,[372],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,384,[384],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,415,[415],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/deployment.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/deployment.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,36,[36],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/deployment.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/orbchase.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,167,[167],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/trosball.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/tutorial.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,277,[277],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/levels/tutorial.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,282,[282],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/main.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,155,[155],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/main.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,188,[188],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/messages/upgrades.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,174,[174],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/hub.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/hub.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,[24],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/map.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/map.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/map.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/map.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,389,[389],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/map.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,649,[649],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/map.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,665,[665],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/map.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,682,[682],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/map.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,694,[694],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/mapLayout.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/mapLayout.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/mapLayout.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/mapblocks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/mapblocks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/mapblocks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/mapblocks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/obstacles.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,227,[227],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/obstacles.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/obstacles.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,538,"[538, 539, 540]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/shot.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/team.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,329,[329],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,413,[413],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,428,"[428, 429, 430]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,572,[572],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,607,[607],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,618,[618],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,634,[634],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,640,[640],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,647,[647],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,664,[664],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,843,"[843, 844, 845, 846, 847]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,1595,[1595],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,1653,[1653],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/universe.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,1654,[1654],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/upgrades.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/upgrades.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/voteArbiter.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/voteArbiter.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,72,"[72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/voteArbiter.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,131,"[131, 132, 133, 134, 135, 136, 137, 138, 139, 140, 141, 142]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/voteArbiter.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/voteArbiter.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,236,[236],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/model/voteArbiter.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,370,[370],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/network/authcommands.py,HIGH,LOW,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,18,[18],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle,B403,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/network/client.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/network/lobby.py,HIGH,LOW,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle,B403,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/network/manhole.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/rsa/__init__.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,210,[210],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/run/authserver.py,HIGH,LOW,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,8,[8],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle,B403,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/run/authserver.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/run/authserver.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/run/authserver.py,HIGH,MEDIUM,"Use of insecure MD2, MD4, MD5, or SHA1 hash function.",243,[243],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b303-md5,B303,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/run/authserver.py,HIGH,MEDIUM,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",309,[309],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle,B301,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/server/settings.py,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible hardcoded password: 't$gv+_7-d5de7j2s$(w%_8x8%&iyv$go9^5cl5_&u_+-hs$gn-',24,"[24, 25, 26]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html,B105,hardcoded_password_string
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/test/helpers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/test/helpers.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,[57],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/themes.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,257,[257],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/themes.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,338,[338],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/tools/lintfinder.py,HIGH,LOW,Consider possible security implications associated with subprocess module.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b404-import-subprocess,B404,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/tools/lintfinder.py,HIGH,LOW,subprocess call - check for execution of untrusted input.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b603_subprocess_without_shell_equals_true.html,B603,subprocess_without_shell_equals_true
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/triggers/base.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,11,[11],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/triggers/lobby.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/gameInterface.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/gameInterface.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,463,[463],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/minimap.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/minimap.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/sprites.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/sprites.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,558,[558],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/sprites.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,560,[560],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/statusBar.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/statusBar.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,274,[274],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/viewManager.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/ingame/viewManager.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/pregame/imageRadioButton.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,43,"[43, 44, 45]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/trosnothgui/pregame/imageRadioButton.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,117,"[117, 118]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/utils/event.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
trosnoth-1.12.2/trosnoth/web/site.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,70,"[70, 71]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
