filename,issue_confidence,issue_severity,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info,test_id,test_name
urllib3-1.22/dummyserver/server.py,HIGH,LOW,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",69,[69],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html,B110,try_except_pass
urllib3-1.22/dummyserver/server.py,HIGH,LOW,Standard pseudo-random generators are not suitable for security/cryptographic purposes.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b311-random,B311,blacklist
urllib3-1.22/test/benchmark.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/benchmark.py,HIGH,MEDIUM,Audit url open for permitted schemes. Allowing use of file:/ or custom schemes is often unexpected.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b310-urllib-urlopen,B310,blacklist
urllib3-1.22/test/benchmark.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,48,[48],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible hardcoded password: '',23,"[23, 24]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b105_hardcoded_password_string.html,B105,hardcoded_password_string
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,[102],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,[108],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,137,"[137, 138, 139]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,"[177, 178]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible hardcoded password: 'pass',361,"[361, 362]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html,B106,hardcoded_password_funcarg
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible hardcoded password: 'pass',383,"[383, 384]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html,B106,hardcoded_password_funcarg
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible hardcoded password: 'pass',397,"[397, 398]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html,B106,hardcoded_password_funcarg
urllib3-1.22/test/contrib/test_socks.py,MEDIUM,LOW,Possible hardcoded password: 'badpass',404,"[404, 405]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b106_hardcoded_password_funcarg.html,B106,hardcoded_password_funcarg
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,18,"[18, 19]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,21,[21],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,27,[27],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,[42],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,"[60, 61]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,66,[66],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,"[78, 79]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,"[89, 90]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,"[92, 93]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,"[95, 96]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,110,[110],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,111,"[111, 112]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,"[115, 116]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,"[118, 119]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,121,[121],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,152,[152],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,153,[153],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,157,[157],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,158,[158],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,168,[168],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,[172],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,173,[173],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,179,[179],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,[183],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,184,[184],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,198,[198],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,203,[203],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,[208],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,214,[214],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,226,[226],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,231,[231],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,[233],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,[238],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,239,[239],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,240,[240],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,244,[244],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,248,[248],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,249,[249],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,[250],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,252,[252],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,267,[267],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,268,[268],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,269,[269],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,275,[275],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,276,[276],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,280,[280],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,[284],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,[288],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,292,[292],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,300,[300],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,301,[301],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,302,[302],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,303,[303],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,[304],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,312,[312],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,313,[313],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,345,[345],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,347,[347],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,[348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,[349],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,350,[350],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,351,[351],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_collections.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,352,[352],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_compatibility.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,40,[40],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connection.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connection.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connection.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,61,[61],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,101,[101],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,[115],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,124,[124],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,127,[127],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,136,[136],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,139,[139],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,151,[151],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,"[162, 163]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168, 169]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,172,"[172, 173, 174, 175, 176, 177]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,"[182, 183, 184, 185, 186, 187]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,201,[201],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,202,[202],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,237,"[237, 238]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,253,[253],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,254,[254],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,256,[256],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,257,"[257, 258]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,260,[260],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,261,[261],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,279,[279],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,291,[291],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,296,[296],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,[323],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,[365],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,366,[366],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,367,"[367, 368]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,370,[370],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,[371],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_connectionpool.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,396,[396],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_exceptions.py,HIGH,LOW,Consider possible security implications associated with pickle module.,1,"[1, 2]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_imports.html#b403-import-pickle,B403,blacklist
urllib3-1.22/test/test_exceptions.py,HIGH,MEDIUM,"Pickle and modules that wrap it can be unsafe when used to deserialize untrusted data, possible security issue.",29,[29],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blacklists/blacklist_calls.html#b301-pickle,B301,blacklist
urllib3-1.22/test/test_exceptions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,30,[30],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_exceptions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_exceptions.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,[16],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,20,[20],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,26,[26],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,"[32, 33, 34]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,42,"[42, 43, 44]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,51,[51],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,52,[52],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,54,[54],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_fields.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,65,[65],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,15,[15],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,17,"[17, 18, 19]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,23,[23],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,"[25, 26, 27]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,38,[38],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,57,"[57, 58]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,59,[59],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,"[72, 73]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,"[87, 88]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,89,[89],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,102,"[102, 103]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_filepost.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_proxymanager.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,16,"[16, 17, 18]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_proxymanager.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,24,"[24, 25, 26]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_proxymanager.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,33,[33],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_proxymanager.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,37,[37],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_proxymanager.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,39,[39],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,49,[49],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,55,[55],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,[60],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,71,[71],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,79,[79],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,80,[80],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,92,[92],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,93,[93],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,95,[95],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,113,[113],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,"[123, 124]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,125,[125],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,"[126, 127]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,128,[128],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,130,[130],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,143,[143],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,"[144, 145]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,146,[146],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,149,[149],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,[163],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,164,[164],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,169,[169],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,[177],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,178,[178],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,183,"[183, 184, 185, 186]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,190,[190],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,216,[216],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,[217],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,219,[219],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,220,[220],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,230,"[230, 231]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,233,"[233, 234]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,241,"[241, 242, 243, 244]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,258,[258],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,"[259, 260, 261]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,[262],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,263,[263],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,270,[270],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,271,[271],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,283,[283],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,284,"[284, 285]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,287,[287],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,288,"[288, 289]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,304,[304],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,[305],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,323,"[323, 324]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,325,"[325, 326]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,348,[348],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,"[374, 375, 376]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,"[378, 379, 380]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,381,[381],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,392,[392],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,393,[393],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,408,[408],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,409,[409],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,424,[424],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,431,[431],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,438,"[438, 439]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,442,[442],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,453,[453],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,461,"[461, 462]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,473,"[473, 474, 475]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,479,"[479, 480, 481]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,486,[486],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,511,[511],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,512,[512],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,524,[524],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,547,[547],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,559,[559],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,569,[569],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,597,[597],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,607,[607],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,612,[612],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,613,[613],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,618,[618],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_response.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,621,[621],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,19,[19],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,22,[22],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,32,[32],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,60,"[60, 61]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,67,[67],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,73,[73],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,74,[74],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,"[75, 76]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,85,"[85, 86]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,87,[87],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,88,[88],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,96,[96],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,105,[105],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,112,"[112, 113]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,115,"[115, 116]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,119,[119],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,120,"[120, 121]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,123,"[123, 124]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,"[126, 127]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,131,[131],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,135,[135],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,144,[144],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,147,[147],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,161,[161],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,162,[162],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,163,"[163, 164]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,166,[166],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,167,"[167, 168, 169]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,171,[171],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,177,"[177, 178, 179]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,181,[181],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,182,[182],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,185,[185],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,187,[187],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,199,[199],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,200,"[200, 201]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,208,"[208, 209]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,215,[215],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,217,"[217, 218]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,223,[223],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,224,[224],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,228,[228],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,"[232, 233]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,238,"[238, 239]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_retry.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,245,[245],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,116,[116],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,140,[140],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,192,[192],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,204,[204],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,221,[221],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,232,[232],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,255,[255],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,259,"[259, 260, 261]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,262,"[262, 263, 264]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,266,[266],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,305,[305],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,310,"[310, 311]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,319,[319],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,322,[322],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,343,[343],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,352,[352],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,353,"[353, 354]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,356,"[356, 357]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,359,"[359, 360, 361]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,365,"[365, 366, 367]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,371,"[371, 372]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,374,"[374, 375]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,377,[377],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,378,[378],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,379,"[379, 380]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,382,[382],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,386,[386],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,388,[388],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,402,[402],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,404,[404],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,414,[414],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,423,[423],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,431,[431],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,439,[439],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,447,[447],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,504,[504],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,506,[506],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,512,"[512, 513]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,515,"[515, 516]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,518,"[518, 519]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,521,[521],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,525,[525],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,532,[532],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,539,[539],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,543,[543],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,547,[547],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/test_util.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,567,[567],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/with_dummyserver/test_socketlevel.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,600,[600],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/with_dummyserver/test_socketlevel.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,712,[712],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/test/with_dummyserver/test_socketlevel.py,MEDIUM,LOW,"ssl.wrap_socket call with no SSL/TLS protocol version specified, the default SSLv23 could be insecure, possible security issue.",879,"[879, 880, 881, 882, 883]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b504_ssl_with_no_version.html,B504,ssl_with_no_version
urllib3-1.22/test/with_dummyserver/test_socketlevel.py,MEDIUM,LOW,"ssl.wrap_socket call with no SSL/TLS protocol version specified, the default SSLv23 could be insecure, possible security issue.",927,"[927, 928, 929, 930]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b504_ssl_with_no_version.html,B504,ssl_with_no_version
urllib3-1.22/test/with_dummyserver/test_socketlevel.py,MEDIUM,LOW,"ssl.wrap_socket call with no SSL/TLS protocol version specified, the default SSLv23 could be insecure, possible security issue.",966,"[966, 967, 968, 969, 970]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b504_ssl_with_no_version.html,B504,ssl_with_no_version
urllib3-1.22/test/with_dummyserver/test_socketlevel.py,MEDIUM,LOW,"ssl.wrap_socket call with no SSL/TLS protocol version specified, the default SSLv23 could be insecure, possible security issue.",999,"[999, 1000, 1001, 1002, 1003]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b504_ssl_with_no_version.html,B504,ssl_with_no_version
urllib3-1.22/test/with_dummyserver/test_socketlevel.py,MEDIUM,LOW,"ssl.wrap_socket call with no SSL/TLS protocol version specified, the default SSLv23 could be insecure, possible security issue.",1036,"[1036, 1037, 1038, 1039, 1040]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b504_ssl_with_no_version.html,B504,ssl_with_no_version
urllib3-1.22/test/with_dummyserver/test_socketlevel.py,MEDIUM,LOW,"ssl.wrap_socket call with no SSL/TLS protocol version specified, the default SSLv23 could be insecure, possible security issue.",1077,"[1077, 1078, 1079, 1080]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b504_ssl_with_no_version.html,B504,ssl_with_no_version
urllib3-1.22/test/with_dummyserver/test_socketlevel.py,MEDIUM,LOW,"ssl.wrap_socket call with no SSL/TLS protocol version specified, the default SSLv23 could be insecure, possible security issue.",1097,"[1097, 1098, 1099, 1100]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b504_ssl_with_no_version.html,B504,ssl_with_no_version
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/contrib/securetransport.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,659,"[659, 660, 661]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/contrib/securetransport.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,663,"[663, 664]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/contrib/securetransport.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,796,[796],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/contrib/securetransport.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,797,[797],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/contrib/securetransport.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,798,"[798, 799, 800, 801]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/packages/backports/makefile.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,25,[25],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/packages/backports/makefile.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/packages/six.py,HIGH,MEDIUM,Use of exec detected.,699,[699],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b102_exec_used.html,B102,exec_used
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/util/connection.py,HIGH,LOW,"Try, Except, Pass detected.",122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b110_try_except_pass.html,B110,try_except_pass
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/util/ssl_.py,MEDIUM,LOW,"ssl.wrap_socket call with no SSL/TLS protocol version specified, the default SSLv23 could be insecure, possible security issue.",148,[148],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b504_ssl_with_no_version.html,B504,ssl_with_no_version
urllib3-1.22/urllib3/util/ssl_.py,MEDIUM,LOW,"ssl.wrap_socket call with no SSL/TLS protocol version specified, the default SSLv23 could be insecure, possible security issue.",150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b504_ssl_with_no_version.html,B504,ssl_with_no_version
