filename,issue_confidence,issue_severity,issue_text,line_number,line_range,more_info,test_id,test_name
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/core.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,250,"[250, 251, 252, 253, 254, 255]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/core.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,349,[349],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/falconparser.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,41,[41],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,44,[44],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,47,[47],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,50,[50],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,53,[53],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,56,[56],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,64,[64],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,72,[72],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,75,[75],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,78,[78],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,81,[81],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,84,[84],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,90,[90],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,94,[94],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,97,[97],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,100,[100],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,104,[104],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,108,"[108, 109]",https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,114,[114],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,118,[118],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,122,[122],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,126,[126],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,129,[129],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,134,[134],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,138,[138],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,142,[142],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,145,[145],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,150,[150],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,154,[154],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,159,[159],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,165,[165],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,170,[170],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,176,[176],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,180,[180],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,186,[186],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,195,[195],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,196,[196],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,206,[206],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
webargs-5.1.2/webargs/testing.py,HIGH,LOW,Use of assert detected. The enclosed code will be removed when compiling to optimised byte code.,207,[207],https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plugins/b101_assert_used.html,B101,assert_used
